will you go through all three of those
no okay we know one other ones for you
okay guys you wanted to good figure out
how much I think these are 270
milligrams of caffeine if you drink
three of these Jamie that would kill you
right okay you know wouldn't kill you
fuck you up I thought you walked in with
three coffees I was like yeah okay
you're gonna die like SIA what is for
you hopefully we won't need both Wow I
don't know I've drank both of them
before Nichelle which is like 500 plus
milligrams I'm addicted to coffee though
man I will just drink it when I'm I
don't even need a high I'll just drink
it I love the smell of it it's so good
in the morning man oh that's the best
and I I love it with cream I love it
black I love espresso I love it all see
I I got rid of drinking the whole coffee
I'm now an expresso drinker really two
shots in the morning a double shot a
double shot and then like a couple hours
later another I'll do like eight double
shots throughout the day because to me
that's better than drinking one coffee
yes but it's not it's not it's actually
apparently espresso has less caffeine in
it than coffee does even though it seems
like it has a lot it doesn't what you
have to drink more shit yeah stays like
shit but it's definitely an acquired
taste I enjoy it but it's one of the
rare things I drink is that big and I'm
holding my finger up like yeah - in two
inches yeah it's that it's two inches
and it'll take me 10 15 minutes drink it
for an expresso yeah it should be like a
slow guy so slow I like like a gentleman
pinkies out there's only one way to do
it with these fat Neanderthal fingers
cuz if you're holding that little tiny
ya know you can't get your whole hand in
there like a man drinking an expresso
right it's like a beer stein now about
rhino horn you cannot look tough drink
I'm an expert but I drink mine in like
three seconds - you just go to town and
then I go to the gym like I do that -
one time I I drank five I have an
espresso espresso maker and I put five
capsules in there and I fulfilled a mug
up
like a coffee mug and I ran four miles
know this fucking animal through the
hills agos being chased by wolves you're
just Holley chasing you I was like why
drink so much so what is espresso at
what does it say there Jamie
okay coffee brewed see but it all is all
depends on the company because Starbucks
is extremely caffeinated yeah see
Starbucks is way up the chart look at it
there Starbucks tall is like closing in
on 200 and what it looks like about 270
yeah somewhere in the range of two
hundred and 70 milligrams caffeine but
that's a coffee that's not right
expresso coffee it would be better to go
to Starbucks and get a tall coffee that
there's an espresso see how low it is
it's below 100 yeah so that's why I'm
drinking so many oh so when I drink five
I guess I think I paid five hundred
million which is basically less than
drinking two of these things so yeah
these caveman nitros these are shit yeah
I live off these goddamn things they're
responsible for half my productivity
basically I'm too chickenshit to go on
adderall so I just I just drink this
stuff there's nothing wrong with coffee
I'm scared at all but people admit
they're alert they're addicted to coffee
and everyone's like ah me too
if you go dude I am so addicted to
Adderall they're like okay Joe I'm not
like you you're gonna think I'm lame but
til five years ago I didn't even know
what adderall it was no I think you're
smart like I did you like all my friends
in Houston they did it and I asked my
friend like I text them and I go hey man
you got what's your a D and he goes yeah
we got adderall I'll say what are you
dressed to go to your house like
literally he thought I was talking about
adderall and then he explained to me
like when you're in a club and you want
to stay up and you want to stay like
energized you take adderall and I was
okay but I I don't drink so I can stay
up till three four o'clock in the
morning be fine what's fascinating about
adderall is what they've essentially
done is taken in an amphetamine and made
it so that if you prescribed it for a
condition right like they give it to
people
ad DS one right whatever the fuck that
means and it's very debatable whether or
not you have it or don't have everybody
here think I have it for sure if it is
real if it's real I have it but they
give you adderall yeah it's just fucking
speed and because it's a medication that
you give to somebody who has supposedly
has a condition and by the way I'm not
diagnosing you if you're out there
you're getting frustrated with me right
now just listen to me it's fucking speed
maybe you need speed maybe you're that
person that needs speed maybe you do
need it legitimately as a medication but
there's a fuckload of people that are
just doing speed so by somebody giving
you speed is supposed to slow you down
so you won't have a DD is that the
reason they say legit if you have the
legit a DD look I am not doubting that
some people have 100 bucks I have worse
than I have yeah there's a spectrum
right with everything but for some
people when they take adderall or
similar type of substances it actually
lets them focus and they can they can
actually be on track so by speeding it
up somehow it focuses at it I think I
don't know in the system it's I think
the idea is that it's proof that their
system is wired wrong which is why when
you give them that speed they can send
her out and mellow out my friend my
friends a doctor and I was talking to
him and I used to you know just pop by
to say what's up and he goes hey man
just to let you know the more you go to
a doctor the faster you'll die and I go
what yes he's like I just want to know
yeah yeah he says the more you go to us
you come to us the faster you'll die I
was like what are you talking about cuz
a lot of doctors are crooked and they'll
give you something for what you think
you got and then after that wears off
they have to give you something else so
now you just keep filling yourself with
stuff to fix the other thing that was
wrong and he goes some some doctors are
not good people and he goes the more
people go to doctors the faster they die
put it in point my mom beat breast
cancer twice right and my dad's never
been to the doctor he's 75 years old
never been to the doctor once because
he's like well soon as you go to doctor
they tell you something wrong you die
you know literally yeah but if you have
cancer you should go to a fucking well
he didn't have cancer my mom did right
but if he had cancer he should go to a
fucking I don't think he would go even
if you had yeah
he's just my mom beat it twice and she
still here yes yes in the second time
she didn't even tell me she had it
doesn't your dad want to beat it if he
gets it yeah my dad's kind of dudes like
hey I've been through a lot I'm fine
like he's he hates going to the doctor
don't only time he went to the doctor he
had a back problem and I said like if
it's all doctor what have you met a good
doctor like a doctor that he likes like
a guy who plays golf with or some shit
like my dad my dad is not social it's
not no no no I'm totally weird you're so
social I totally opposite like my dad's
story is crazy like he you know you went
through segregation he got a PhD in
nuclear physics Wow oh yeah my dad's a
genius vibe shit by out there talking
shit failure cuz you're a success at it
so he's gotta go alright yeah yeah you
know he's the one that told me to drop
out of college really yeah I played
football for the how did he say it
though he said you need to drop out of
college you're not smart Michael you
need to drop out of college
chase your dreams oh no no no he's like
my dad's whole thing is I got a PhD in
nuclear physics I know what wanting to
be in school is and you don't want to be
in school and you you got a personality
go do that but you're dumb like he would
say that my parents were not supportive
they were just not supported like my mom
wanted me to be a doctor but she knew I
wasn't bright enough to be a doctor so
like my dad said you got to drop out I
see I don't think you're not bright
enough to be a doctor I think you're not
interested in being a doctor
now see cuz I see how you pursue stand
up and show business you're you're a
bright ambitious guy you just don't want
to be operating on people that are on
anesthesia at the fucking headlamps on
and shit and rubber gloves covered with
blood get though I don't like I don't
want nobody dying on me that would be
the wars having somebody die while
you're working on them and then you got
to go tell them hey man sorry my bad you
know oh the pressure of those people
Jamie was he was telling me yesterday
about the guy who's the EMT who sees
tell me tell me what you told me he said
he said he was listening to the podcast
we did with Lewis J Gomez about people
getting head injuries and he has been
doing I believe for like 15
years orso like doesn't do it every
single day because you don't work every
single day but on a three day basis or
so every day he works he sees at least
one person dead from a head injury
whether it's an elderly person
there's slipped on ice something people
fall and hit their heads oh yeah like
that's why please folks if you're
listening to me and you want punch
somebody and knock them out please don't
do it just go to a gym get your
frustrations out don't fight on the
street you could kill somebody or you
can get killed even accidentally even if
you really don't hate the guy that much
you punch him in the face go unconscious
their head hits the ground people die
all the time
I mean I've told the story about when
Kevin James used to work as a bouncer in
Long Island a guy that he was working
with punched a guy and killed him or
Hillary yeah Kevin Kevin wasn't there
but he knew the guy and the guy
accidentally killed a drunk guy drunk I
was coming at him he punched him I guess
I don't know the whole story but that
shit happens all the time I've seen guys
and it's not about the punch though it's
about when they hit their head you're
getting hit by the world yeah think
about that thing of the world just drop
on your head that's what it's like your
body mass bouncing off a completely
especially concrete there's no give so
your head just a clock it sounds
horrible why listen to someone's head
bounced off concrete is one of the
scariest fucking sounds oh it's horrible
even if you do it to somebody and you
wanted to hurt them when you hear their
head bounced off concrete you're like oh
shit like that's not as simple as like
you punched them you punched them and
then you know whatever they weigh 190
pounds with all the mass of grass all
their mass and gravity pulling them
towards the ground with nothing slowing
it down but meat and head bang bone I
shoulder that reminds me when I was 10
years old I was sitting on the curb and
this is the first time I saw death in
real life from a head injury I was
sitting with my friend on the curb and a
guy was driving a motorcycle and he was
speeding up and down the street and
right on iris wood in Houston Texas he's
flying down a car pulls out and he hits
it packed into anywhere helmets so he
literally flew up in the air and landed
about 20 feet from us his head hit first
oh and explode
like a watermelon and this is like I was
10 years old watching this so the next
morning you know the police come my
parents gave me to tell me don't look at
it the put III go out there the next day
it's just blood stains everywhere and
his wife is picking up his hair that's
stuck to the concrete and I remember it
so vividly I was next door neighbor was
Eric and we were sitting on the curb
watching this lady pick up her husband's
hair that was stuck in and that's the
first time I ever saw death and it was
and it was a gnarly death - it was like
that faces of dead stuff like it was bad
it was bad I never rode a motorcycle
because of that
yeah there's no there's not a lot of
reasons to ride a motorcycle other than
that's awesome yeah fuck fucker danger
I took motorcycle safety classes and
then two of my friends wiped out one of
them got hit by a car and one of them
fell going around a corner and fucked
his shoulder up
i I after that accident probably about
six years later you know when three
wheelers would be back yeah and my
friends same friend that was on a car we
were three willing and and where I grew
up there was bunch of ditches so we're
going and he thought he could go down in
the ditch and come up the other side but
I think he forgot that it's flat on the
bottom of real ditches and so literally
we're going and we hit the bottom and I
flew up and literally half my face was
like just wrecked I was in a hospital
and it's and we didn't have helmets at
that tars and because we're young and
dumb and just wanted to like stupid
stupid stupid - twice you shouldn't like
when you let boys just wander around
it's never good it's never - dumb shit
that they do that they think is okay
let's try this hey take those fireworks
and stick them in this tree this old
rotted down tree let's blow it up and
the problem is I think I think today
parents at least we know more I feel we
tell but like our parents at least my
parents they didn't really give me
guidance you know they were kind of like
I figure it out on your own
mine too yeah and that was that
generation though yeah
yeah like my parents is the parents that
didn't tell you they loved me till I was
29 and I forced them to yeah that's
different yeah my parents time Oh my
stepdad hippies I don't know I may be in
a good way and a good really nice people
yeah yeah man that they didn't tell me
shit those like what to do tell us on
why you grade so bad like Oh what the
fuck do I do tell me someone someone but
they've worked man you know like when
and you have like if you have a
full-time job and the wife has a
full-time job and you're raising
children man how much time does that
really leave I mean I don't get home
until six seven like when you get out of
work at five by the time you get home
the kids been home from school for three
hours already exhausted they just want
to eat and go to sleep
yeah you're not learning anything about
each other for like five days a week
well I that's my my mom worked for my
dad so I got to see my mom a lot but it
was a type of relationship where when I
was growing up my mom station my dad's
black I guess there wasn't that hey we
love you I mean I knew they loved me but
they didn't ever say that's it and the
only reason they said it is because I
was dating a girl at the time and they
used the I love you think all the time
and I thought that was very strange
because I've never heard people just say
it all that hey I love you I love you I
love you so I called my dad and I was
like hey I love you and he goes and he
hung up like literally he got like kind
of like he was just like okay you know
it's all right cool and then he hung up
and then now after I got married and
have a kid now we say it I love you all
the time you know so cuz I don't want my
son to grow up wouldn't know I love you
it's just this is different time for
them man it was a different time it's a
foolish insecurity because if you say
you love you if you say I love you to
someone um either they love you back and
it feels great or they don't you don't
hang out with them I reserved it for
people that I love and usually they love
you too yes you're there's something
wrong with your wiring these are looking
at it wrong you know yeah I know I just
never happened to me Joey I told
somebody I love them and they said
nothing
it can happen is it dudes clam up
sometimes tell friend you love them hey
I Love You Man yikes
I grew up in Nebraska but I think it's
also a young dude thing too when you're
young you're macho you don't want to say
I love you to another dude now sure when
you get older like actually if you live
in Nebraska
yeah I'm just kidding Nebraska don't get
uptight somebody sent me a box in
Nebraska t-shirts like a shit 100 once
like a listen something wearing that oh
my my wife's father is from Nebraska is
he yeah despised any those spots they
used to suck they don't suck as much
anymore I mean the Internet really I
mean what's there to do in Nebraska
let's be serious like in pheasant hunt I
think it's a good pheasant hunting
coupon okay they got the corn Husker
they got corn if you just want to be
alone sort start a cult I think it's a
good spot start out great yeah if you
want to start a cult oh you got to live
in an attractive climate you know I
think that's why that's why boats that
place know Arizona that everybody goes
to Scottsdale no no the other one Sedona
yeah that one that's the one where all
the cult leaders go to how do you
explain Waco then that's the armpit of
Texas it is but it isn't
he needs a dowel is pretty quick from
ranch at Waco go check out a Cowboys
game back bar yeah no I couldn't
this whole cult thing I don't get it
Sedona is a weird one right because it's
all like crystals and healers it's all
people looking to be spiritual they've
given up on on traditional religion but
they seem to need that sort of vibe yeah
so they they get into like spiritual
stuff and channelers and healers have
you got it in that I knew it all day
long are you
what all about channeling broke I'm in a
channeling yeah right no no I think we I
really do believe and I've been
believing this more and more lately
though that our understanding of what
our memory is is very limited and that
the reason why people are scared of
things some things is probably because
there's some sort of genetic memory of
someone that they knew like I bet your
kid will have somehow or another that
knowledge of that motorcycle accident
and that fee there's I think that goes
through DNA really yeah I do I think
that's why kids are scared of monsters
you know why is kids scared of monsters
why are they scared of bullets or fires
or you know why don't they're screaming
they're scared of something that I was
scared I've grown up know there's
animals used to eat people yeah that's
what I think I think monsters represent
like Jaguars and shit like you going
through the jungle try to get some water
and you get jacked
that's our ancestors all of our
ancestors every single human being on
this planet came from Africa all of us
100% of us everyone Absolution black
white all of us got eaten all of our
answers so get our DNA it's wired that's
out there yeah what are you afraid of
monsters in the dark those are cats man
we got jacked by cats like all the time
yeah yeah so that's why everybody scared
of things under the bed what's in the
closet they're hiding their cats big
cats looking to get you I don't know
about that this is very scary for a
moment but I don't believe it men think
that animals have instincts right look
here's a perfect example we have
instincts right but what kind of
instincts animals have weird instincts
like they all sniff each other's
assholes yeah they all piss on spots
where other animals did they don't
nobody had to teach my dog how to do
that my dog I got him when he was six
weeks old and I've had him for two and a
half years that motherfucker will sniff
something and he see somebody peed on it
he pees on it but he learned that from
his he's learned from nobody know he
learned that from his dog people like
I'm over here he didn't know jack-shit
so no I think it's in his DNA okay yeah
I get that but what is the DNA like
doesn't your DNA carry some traces of
information on to your own children like
what I notice in my children okay they
share certain weird traits that I have
that I don't fit like like
obsessive-compulsive traits that I don't
think they see because I don't really
bring that home like especially the
workout stuff and like some things that
I really get kind of psychotic about
martial arts stuff my middle daughter
has that in a crazy way and I'm like oh
okay this is me if I was a girl okay
like if I was a little girl this is me
like what is this my memory that's in
her or is it do I have like some weird
obsessive gene which it is because I see
my son he's only 2 he just turned 2 but
he makes facial expressions and looks
like he does certain looks that I do and
my wife goes he's acting like you right
now do you think he's act like you
because he sees you act like that
oh yeah acting like you know because he
knows in his head that that's how he's
wired like that because when I watch it
he doesn't not like a lot of this stuff
he does I'd only I don't even do he just
does like my mom I'll come over and
she'll watch him she go you know he's
just like you when you were this age and
it's so weird yeah it's in the DNA it's
in something right whatever it is
whether it's in cellular memory DNA some
sort of genetic information gets passed
on but the parents to the child you
could say that about athletics though
like if you that's a little different
though but it's in the DNA yeah it isn't
but it's not an ethereal thing like a
thought mm-hmm you know I mean yeah like
set like here's one a fiddy of phobia or
arachnophobia fear of snakes or spiders
those have you ever seen anybody who has
a well you were on fear factor with me
oh my god that was that was the work I
should say you were you made it out bro
no do you remember seeing one episode
one I was the pilot episode of the
episode that's where I met you for the
first 60 can you believe 16 what 2001
yeah what is that where it's
eighteen years ago we met because that
was that was right after 9/11 yes yeah
right after in they flew us down and the
first time I met you it was that saddle
ranch and you're like wow that's dude
this is later this way later when we did
the new season of it in like 2011 yeah
you tried to get me to eat that spider
yeah it's bad bro dude dude that's not a
normal and you just chomped it like a
chance so this whole scene I'm acting
like a little bee a little fearful you
had to eat cheap saibra eyeball stuff
which had to eat dude now those were
disgusting yeah yeah did you eat it
because I felt bad for you guys that was
before I had hardened I've been hardened
to the world guys were episode 1 season
1 it didn't seem right for me that you
guys would have to eat these things and
I didn't eat it I said all right if you
guys needed all you two but they didn't
show it like they wouldn't show it on
television that I ate it because they
didn't they like they didn't want it to
look too easy yeah so weird but yeah oh
my god I remember biting down into it
and it kind of like burst yeah I didn't
that retina then you had to kiss yeah
you had to chew on that red and we had
to eat three of them yeah they weren't
good no they were horrible but you know
it was surprisingly mild I ate a roach
I'm not not bragging today I'm pleased
like much this a roach even though it
doesn't taste like much would you eat a
roach is that part of the show yeah I
was um it was a celebrity fear factor
and um there was a young lady who was
scared to eat a roach and she was gonna
get eliminated from the show and so I
said listen I'll make you a deal I'll if
you do it I'll do it and she's like you
will I go yeah I will and she wouldn't
do it so she made the deal like like
three worms
she decided I'll eat three worm like we
can go she ate three moms and so then I
remember when I was on that show the
question they would ask you in the
survey is what's your fear of dying and
I wrote down dying on the water cuz that
would be my biggest fear is dying under
water and so our last stunt was when
they dumped us on the water and my
friends still send me screenshots of
that because that's when I had long
here and I put a bunch of gel in it and
they dumped me under the tank and
literally it looked like a squid shoot
oh my god you if you you could google it
Google Michael yo for your fat and it's
my friends will just screenshot that and
they still play that to this day they
still play that episode all of them they
play them on different like truTV or
something like that one of those I
remember those
I remember that when we were talking
I'll go because you were what show were
you on at that times radio you were on
news radio that was a couple years
earlier there you are
look at that what happened yeah and okay
so that see five Oh Michael yo cheap
sciples
so at the end at the end I go to Joe and
I go hey man I can't do the last stunt
look at that I can't okay so this is you
talking to me Joe goes Joe goes hey I go
Joe I'm not gonna be able to make it
through this whole stunt I can't hold my
breath for that long and you go I'll
just make it look great for the camera I
was gonna try to talk you into it but I
wasn't good enough at it then I did I
had to figure out how to talk people
into it cuz I knew there's some people
that were just psyching themselves out
yeah in the smoker one-hour episode the
guy that we thought I was going to lose
oxygen yeah it's fucking system is
having no oxygen and that's when they
casted fear factor off a personality and
then it just became a hot fest like if
you're sexy of it it was also you know
they kept ramping up the difficulty of
stuff like the last season scared the
shit out of me when they were launching
a car through a moving train and an
explosion happens in the car it was like
what you're gonna kill somebody look and
when I came up to your I think it was
the last season y'all were doing
something with a donkey dong don't you
come come that's what got us cancelled
yes yes because I remember showing up at
Joseph's come here yo
was gonna quit when I showed up that day
they brought the paper into my trailer
and they told me what it was gonna be I
don't think I knew about that one before
some of them I at noon about knew about
before but I don't think I knew about
that one I think when they brought that
in I had no idea and I was like you
can't do this I'm like no one's gonna do
it first of all they're all gonna quit
but what was hilarious is I'm sitting
there next to you watching them drink
this dude how about an intern how to
drink it an intern had drinking I think
they only got like a hundred dollars
what for what well it was like part of
the thing is that they would have to
test it when when they would like say
here's some fear factor info so I'd say
if you had to eat like kidneys yeah
right how many how many kidneys can
someone eat in a minute you know like
how much how much meat can you actually
like consistently dried meat can you
consume mm-hm and so what we had was
certain interns they would volunteer for
it and they would get like an extra
hundred and something dollars and I
would always give him money to I was
giving a couple hundred bucks on top of
it they would they would eat whatever
the fuck it was and they would determine
all right well Mike usually can put it
down like like like no one and if he
could only get through three and then
some other producers would come and go
fuck this we're being pussies make it me
for like for you guys are crazy and this
was like the debate the big debate on
the set would be like how much blood
should they drink one gallon one gallon
of blood like they never drink blood but
you know I'm saying how many horse dicks
they never ate a horse dick but they did
eat like what it was six and elk dicks
and deer dicks but the donkey come was
the worse oh yeah and I even remember
after shit you were like yeah I think
the show's over after this like dan/erin
I think they didn't inherit they heard
any other countries though oh did it
really yeah so you could get it like and
I think it's like Dutch and so it's like
you hear you hear us talk in English but
then they have Dutch subtitles yeah that
that was that was such so stupid it's so
Doug are you surprised how stupid people
are to go no because I think people
like look it's an experience I'm here
for the experience I'm gonna have some
fun this is crazy
but when you get to donkey come you
can't be rude you know you got a donkey
this donkey that been the donkey come is
like an advantage of their need for fame
in a weird way no you are but hey they
gonna give you that's the game and I
remember you showing it to me first and
was in this large glass container and
they and it wasn't a little they had to
drink no no we had to drink a lot yeah
it was like the aforementioned rhino
horn
yeah no it's even more offensive donkeys
are they're not fertile look at there it
is oh that's it yes so that come is
useless it's not just come but imagine
it's like it's it's come that could
never even be babies okay it's now shit
but I remember when y'all used to do
this is disgusting I remember I used to
do stunts it was actually a delicate
like people in other countries actually
ate it sometimes sometimes
yeah like balut so that's not that's
just being no that's just being me okay
that's no other country is doing that
just for fun I gave up on that whole
this in other countries this is
considered gave up on that a long time
ago yeah you had to push the envelope on
that now one of the things that made
things gross smell wise was actually
really expensive cheese they would go to
this expensive was if a full marjorie in
what do they call them what do they call
one of those cheese places yeah that's
like italian for cheese for my homage if
for Maserati sure isn't it French to
someone oh yeah Jamie's my that's my
translation but anyway this cheese that
we would use was disgusting it smelled
so bad but apparently it tastes really
good if you're into that kind of cheese
like Bourdain was really indistinct jeez
like he would talk to me about it like
with passion like that just the fucking
stinkier the better like disgusting
smelly cheese and the taste is fantastic
I'd be like
I would think that the smell will turn
taste bad
absolutely okay I don't know it's like
one of those things where I guess you
catch like the right vibe like you're
going in with the right attitude
there is no attitude if it stinks fuck
that dude he's anything that smells
cheese and they would squeegee it off
into a blender no I mean they blend it
up with the other stuff like worms and
shit it would make the worms taste
horrific or smell horrific oh so you
were just messing with the smell sense
so it could make it seem like it was
worse than making it worse because it
smelled worse so it was making more you
smell it but whew
people just start retching it was
it's a ridiculous fucking thing it's a
ridiculous thing like the show is really
silly no but I love that these people
wanted to be famous
oh no me too bro but I was because how
it happened I was in Austin Texas
and there was an ad in the paper that
goes hey have you ever done anything
adventurous and I was like no let me go
in for this case I was a radio DJ out
there and at this radio station so I go
in and then Mikey they called him the
chimp
he was the casting person yes and
literally two weeks later three weeks
later I'm in Hollywood shooting this
thing and then I meet you and then I
remember going up to you because I was
in awe it was the first time in a
Hollywood okay and I knew you from
newsreels yeah how do you do it and you
go just fucking beat yourself you can be
successful and that's what you're doing
right now just fucking being yourself
are you doing - we're trying ridiculous
piece of advice just be yourself good
luck
that's all you need bro that's it just
believe in your dreams make a vision
board just trying to get me on this base
I'll just be you all right but that is
the right advice especially if you want
to be an entertainer if you can figure
out how to be yourself as long as
yourself is actually something
interesting and if it's not working
yourself yeah
and then you even said that about acting
usually I remember specifically say act
it's not hard it's just you yourself and
you play that emotion and I was like oh
that sounds easy like if they're easy in
comparison to stand up in some ways but
it's not like a disrespect like the kind
of shit that like Daniel Blake Daniel
day-lewis and Leonardo DiCaprio what
yeah when they when they get into a
fucking role and you like god damn that
guy just own that shit like they get
into what I'm talking about like sitcom
sitcom acting yeah sitcom act and they
were hiring you too yeah so it was a
slightly dumbed down version of me who
was into slightly more conspiracy
theories than me when I was on Newsradio
that's all I was yeah that was basically
me like they wrote a lot of that
conspiracy shit in after I talked to
them about like JFK and fucking you know
UFOs and stuff you believe in UFOs oh my
god yeah
yeah see I believe in there's other
other life forms out there I don't think
they're coming here
they might thing they might well why not
think it just because here's it here's
one thing I do believe most people are
full of shit you know it comes to like
most of their stories like it's it's
hard to find a person that could just
tell you what happened based on what
they really remember people want to jazz
things up and they wanna add salt and
pepper
yeah they have sex with me don't they
don't necessarily tell you the truth
they tell you what they think is gonna
be an engaging story that kind of
represents the truth maybe especially
when it's a weird thing like you saw
something in the sky what did you really
see how long did you look at it for how
many seconds was it well I mean here's
the problem I have with UFOs it I
believe there are UFOs but I don't think
they're coming here I mean because that
means they're tech first of all if
they're coming here that means their
technology is far way more advanced than
ours right so why would they care if
people saw them they would show up if I
was an alien and I was that far ahead of
us I would lay in that bitch right in
the middle of Times Square and be like
what we require why would you do that
but why wouldn't I
why
in fields where nobody can see us are
you aware of how we treat uncontacted
tribes yes to a point but the point but
what I'm saying is if you're that power
advanced they know if they're coming
here they know they're they're way
smarter than that's right because
they've traveled here right and we don't
even know other from far distances we
can't even imagine and they're here they
don't have to hide it's just like they
do it because they have to hide or do
you think maybe they do it because we
can't handle it
because we can't handle it why would
they care if we could handle it or not
because here's the problem whenever any
civilization has ever encountered a
civilization far superior to them the
results have always been catastrophic
every single time every time Europeans
have invaded North America every time
the Spanish visited the Mexicans every
time that this has happened it's been a
disaster and this is human beings if
there was something that came down here
from another planet was so unbelievably
sophisticated that they could travel
through vast distances in space and had
insurmountable impossible technology
that we would look to it for all of our
answers it would become our new daddy it
would completely disrupt all of our
governments it would disrupt all of our
religions it would disrupt every single
belief system we have and people would
fall apart they wouldn't know what to do
psychologically it would be devastating
look I'm not a doctor a psychologist but
I know most people would not be able to
handle it I understand that but why
would they care because that's my whole
point because why would they care about
because it would be affecting our
culture it wouldn't care but why
wouldn't they care well why they care we
care about animals bro there's a reason
we have wildlife protection agencies we
have that because we care about animals
and animals don't even know we're a
thing okay if you're a deer living in
the forest and you're 2 years old you
might not have ever even seen a person
you even know what the fuck we are but
we're trying to keep those deer alive we
spend billions of dollars every year
protecting them we do that because we
care about wildlife if we cared about a
rare monkey that we found in Indonesia
in this or some strange monkey we would
do whatever we could to make sure that
monkeys
populations thrived if there was a way
to help them I mean that's one of the
reasons why zoos exist they take rare
animals they try to breed them in
captivity and but we're also sharing the
same earth well they may be they look at
the universe that way okay
nuclear civilizations like our
civilization I mean our civilization is
a very dangerous one because we're we're
a bunch of semi hairless monkeys with
nuclear weapons
I mean we're fucking nuts bro oh yeah
we're obsessed with sex we jack off to
our phones where we're taking pills to
keep our dick hard we're all on speed
these are we're at and we lie we lie
about shit we lie about things that
people did to us we pretend people think
did worse things we pretend that we
didn't do things to people we lie about
stealing we lie about money we lie about
all kinds of things I mean people are so
so you're thirsty you're thinking aliens
are thinking about all that before they
come down of course they would why
wouldn't I guess I'm coming from a human
point of view where we don't give a shit
about anything there's a thing that's
not true we do give a shit about things
that's why when you go to the Galapagos
Islands you're not allowed to take your
shoes that you walked around Los Angeles
and walk around the Galapagos Island
because people have done that and
they've gotten seeds from their shoes
stuck in the sand over there on the
ground over there and then new plants
grow that are invasive species that
we're worried about ecosystems that
we're really a humans that's we were
worried about invasive species and when
new species get introduced to new
ecosystems it's like we were just
talking about this yesterday Everglades
like people are doing whatever the fuck
they can to get the pythons and the
Africans they these assholes have
released pythons and there's a real
fucking redneck Jurassic Park going on
in the middle of Florida yeah you know
we care I lived in Miami man and at the
time I lived in Miami talk about you did
radio out there right yeah I 100 miles
after a few factors after fear factors
it landed me that big gig radio was
radio back there oh yeah it was it was
like huge man but I remember they had
these lates and if you go back like ten
years ago and look up Florida people
were just jogging around lakes getting
snack
by alligators yeah like just alligators
did not give a damn that they were just
snatching people yeah and I was like why
are people jogging like I like stop
jogging well we definitely don't jog
near the water no and that's the thing I
believe like eight people within six
months got snatched just jogging my real
Oh a hundred percent probably about
eight to ten years ago just jogging I
didn't know that there was that many
deaths ever from Allen oh yeah
they were getting snatched one of my
favorite ones was a guy who was running
from the cops near Miami and he was in a
stolen car parked his car on a bridge
jumped off the bridge and landed on an
alligator I'll get a jacked him in front
of the cops oh and they were just
sitting there going well there you go
guilty jumps off the bridge splash that
would be this oh my god - oh that guy
didn't even notice - no last minute
no that's what I'm saying like that
happens in Florida at that time that is
so crazy that is such a big thing that
eats deer and shit look at it opens its
mouth on him but meanwhile it tries to
get away from people well what's
interesting the dude didn't even speed
up yeah oh really tired - fuck these
things man fuck these things but the
craziest thing is we were showing it
yesterday that pythons eat them
alligators whole but now dude one Python
ate this fucking big-ass alligator and
it blew its body apart apparently
another alligator came along while it
had it in its body and tried to eat the
Python and so then it was like this
disaster of a Python with an alligator
inside of it with no head yeah but the
whole thing was that this Python and ate
the alligator and then once they eat it
they can't move because they got a
fucking 900 pound alligator but you love
that shit
I can't take out oh yeah I know you do
you do problem with I just I love
animals eating other animals I think
it's important to recognize that we're
we're we're very insulated from what the
fuck is going on by cities yes and that
in houses and cities and even towns
even if you have a town it's rare that a
fucking wild predator makes its way into
your town but man that's the whole rest
of the world that's the whole world
including the ocean everywhere is all
just predators and prey predators and
prey predators and prey we've figured
out a way to instil but-but in
insulation the problem is when we rice
elated from it we neglect it as an
aspect of nature we put it in some weird
box like oh my god this is weird no
that's not weird that's normal yeah
that's normal life normal life is big
things eating a little earthy and you
don't respect it got it really don't
respect it when you don't see it like
yeah my parents want to go to Africa on
a safari I'm like man you can have that
yeah I would go if I got one of them
like Jurassic Park mobiles that they
have with it's all around you say these
people are just in regular Jeeps
where they open their jeeps where Lions
just walk about like how dumb are you
and most the time nothing happens no
most most of it but it could be one or
two times where if you're in it you know
years ago a woman who worked on Game of
Thrones she was there on vacation and
she got pulled out of her fucking car
right she rolled down the window to take
a picture and the cat came and snatched
her out of the car but don't you think
people kind of like that deserve it like
people that roll down Windows and not
safer like that's like people jumping in
the pit at the zoo the other day well
they take a selfie the roll down the
windows thing I think is really just
it's what we're talking about that
you're not around it in there so you
don't understand what it is but do you
have to be around it to know hey these
are wild animals and think they can get
away with shit if they've never had
anything happen to them like I've never
been punched oh this is this this is a
cheetah cheetahs are actually not there
they're actually very curious and
they're not dangerous to people so this
one has no idea this thing is in his
back seat no he's filming it oh he's
filming it so he's not moving don't move
I think so man I think the move is don't
move you don't want to scare them you
definitely don't want to go fucking rip
your face off
they don't have laws they don't have
claws like a cat does they're more like
a dog yeah you know they're a weird
animal they're like a weird cat dog
thing you know they're super super fast
like I've never seen one run in real
life but apparently
people who I know that have seen and say
you can't believe how fast it is you
know one thing that blew me away I was
reading about it that hippopotamuses
kill more people year than all the
animals combined all of them all of them
yeah all of them and it's just like
people just like don't respect
hippopotamuses in they're fast and
they're strong and they'll rip you apart
they're like a giant pig yeah they're in
the pig family look about cousin to a
pig or some shit
yeah and they're vegetarians yeah like
ditches killing people estimated 500
people per year and they kill 500 a year
they're aggressive and they're very
sharp teeth and not only that man people
think there's 750 kilograms what what is
that dude 7 pounds that's more than
5,000 pounds at 2.2 times that so oh my
god that's that's well people don't
respect because they think they're slow
too so when they see them
I think they run like 24 25 miles per
hour we're like a hundred person that
runs 100-yard dash in the Olympics
I think average around like 29 to 30
miles per hour hippos rode 19 my own age
so that's still fast yeah you're barely
getting away well that's me I probably
can't run 19 miles now I know I couldn't
I'll probably get eaten fuck
can you imagine you're like 20 yards
away from this thing like ah it's not
gonna but and then it just runs up on
you well they say if you ever get chased
by an alligator - the thing is - Jew
come go left and go right that pictures
terrifying mom scares the shit out of me
that scares the shit out of me I mean
look at that guy's he's he's he's
launching himself in the air trying to
get away not look at that yeah they
chase after boats in the water they swim
fast yeah they try fuck you 500 people a
year dude hippos husband sees hippo bite
out wives heart what oh my god imagine
wife falls into the water and that you
see the hippo rip open a ribcage oh I
would be a hippo Punisher I would go
back to Africa every year and kill out
every one every one of them I'd be
responsible for hippo extinction they'd
be like you can't do that a bike but I'm
gonna
that may stop me don't I'm killing all
the hippos why not
I'm killing all the snakes for if
everybody anyone knew got killed what
the first day that something gets killed
by a fucking Python in Florida when a
human gets jacked we should send in the
Marines Jesus go through the fucking
swamp and kill them all just like
they're the enemy
you just get a giant line of human
beings go through and kill those fucking
serpents they're in the Bible okay yeah
they're in the Bible
snakes elite your baby they will I mean
are they cocky with monsters living in
your fucking neighborhood is there any
purpose of them though yeah they killed
rats but the problem is in that area
it's not established for them so there
was this rich ecosystem of mammals and
reptiles you're talking about Everglades
right now yeah okay it used to be there
were some snakes like hot melts and
stuff like that and there was alligators
but then there was like marsh hares and
raccoons and skunks gone they're all
gone
there's they're gone there's nothing
left there's just anacondas look event
pythons and Nile crocodiles now if this
got another one eating a fucking well
let me ask you something and be honest
with me if that guy got eaten like a guy
that actually tracks reptiles do you
feel sorry for like if you put yourself
in harm's way yeah because I want that
guy to be out there look into an eye of
a snake and you go oh this thing doesn't
give a fuck about anybody it's like it
doesn't I was watching this video of a
crab and it's a crab a mother crab just
sitting there eating its babies it had
like thousands of babies all around it
that had just hatched like a couple of
weeks ago that's just sitting there
eating its babies and I'm like yeah yeah
fuck you yeah you're going in the
boiling water and I'm gonna crack you
open I can hear if I heard him scream
when they go in a bullring oh yeah
I don't think they're really screaming I
think it's probably air escaping their
body look at this cunt they're kids this
is crazy
I was I was at a friend's house and they
caught crabs and they would throw him it
and I think they screamed man I think
it's like
vocal cords but this video Jamie for
people to just listen it says monster
red crab eats babies the dark side of
nature yeah she's an ass I'm telling you
Joe they make a noise when you put him
in a hot boiling pot of water
what is that bottom of her she's got a
charcoal briquette stuck under her
doesn't that look like one of them
little babies go they come right back
out is so gross she's such an asshole
she just sitting there eating her kids
like that anybody would give a fuck
about crabs oh well I'm gonna sound like
I want him to go extinct but that's one
animal that we in our house kill
ourselves and no one has a problem with
it it's like if they brought him a
rabbit and you gotta throw it in the
water like fatal attractions it's like
that was the only way to keep nobody
would eat wrap no no no no and we throw
them in like a lot alive most the time
most people even bother take it off the
lobsters
yeah and lobsters we do not give a shit
get in there get in a fucking bug was
crazy is though this whole animal
kingdom thing but one thing that scares
me that you were doing when I walked in
is playing these fucking shooter games
dude that game is a real problem Jamie
and I have been going to war for the
last what two months in this star like
two months ago yeah maybe like that time
I'm in full-blown addiction mode now
what is the threat like I what's the
thrill yes do you see us we're all
sweaty and adrenaline yeah no great ass
time yeah I walked it looks like I just
finished working out it was like crazy
Jamie now we're going to war we go to
war we talk a lot shed - we go to war
I tried it's fun it's fun we kills me
talk shit to me it's rough you're like
god damn it he got me fuckers is that a
game where people can go online and play
with you - no we don't help people we
jump online this is the game this is the
game yeah dude it is a fun ass fucking
game
it's called quake champions okay and
people right now listen and going god
dammit he's talking about
but me and Jamie have been and and Jeff
are their employee been playing this
fuck see okay see this isn't bad because
they're like characters like I was
playing one where it's like human beings
like and when you shoot somebody like I
got scared when you get scared to go
into the next room because you're really
that nervous like it freaks me out these
shooter games are too realistic I grew
up with Frogger dude this is like you're
always in like some sort of a castle
yeah and the the people that you're
shooting against they don't look
anything like a person they look like a
cartoon character but the graphics are
sensational but more importantly like
the gameplay is very precise and you you
have to have like real hand-eye
coordination and skills like you learn
things like tactics you learn how to
move around maps you learn how to
control resources controlling resources
is giant like that thing that guy just
picked up yeah that's like a hundred and
seventy five health and you want to get
all the armor that you possibly can then
you also want to be like clever about
weapons choices because you're always
engaging at different distances
different kinds of fights you like
sometimes you're stuck in like a
corridor and sometimes you know you're
in an area where they can't shoot you
but you can shoot them if you use the
right weapon man you need to bring back
to old-school Atari that one red button
that ran oh that one red button did
everything on the joystick you never
killed a guy with a railgun once you
kill a guy with a railgun you'll
understand wait I don't want to kill a
guy with a real person I mean I know why
you do it
if you jumps at me and I shoot him in
there with a railgun
I ki shot me in the face of the day with
a rocket and I was like dude in the mug
I was like in the mug it like right in
my face and I exploded like my whole
screen just becomes a big red splatter
my fuck it's fun I can't handle it man
it's too much for me oh what the older i
get i'm just a puss man i need a man up
i used to be so aggressive you're a big
dude you're strong
that's why nobody messes with me because
of it ya know what it's like it's like
like like you you like fight and all
that stuff i can't even like if somebody
punched me in the face today
i
don't know how would react like I don't
know I used to be a bouncer at clubs I
play college football
like I was a tough dude now after all
apart a dude could get you a gym no no
I'm in shape but I mean like a fight gym
no no no I never fight a little bit no
not to fight people why do you so you
don't worry about it I never worry about
it okay well then don't worry about
because I'm at home at 8:30 I saw you at
the improv the other night nobody's
gonna jump on stage I'm talking about
family oh man you never know people
crazy
has anyone to do jumped up on the WWF
and attacked who did he attack he
attacked Brett hiring his speech that's
crazy
yeah always gotta be like how old is you
know makes do you want any stroke
survivor so fucked up and the guy
tackled them yeah Jesus but Joe
seriously you think anybody's gonna jump
on stage when you're on some dude and
could either add you would fucking kill
him
no there's there's a lot of people that
can kill me you don't get good but I I
just don't see me doing stand-up talking
about family or love and a dude cuz I
hate family I love I'm a jumper now it's
that it's not rational no you're right a
rational person wouldn't do that but
you're not worried about rational people
anyway okay so so say I started to go to
a fight gym like where would I start at
my mom what I do I would say you should
try jujitsu cuz it's fun it's really
good exercise and you'll learn some
stuff okay you learn how to do it it's
it's a technique based art where it's
like say if if you like there's there's
guys that I will do jujitsu sparring we
call rolling okay
there's guys that I will roll with that
are weaker than me smaller than me and
tapped me every time I roll with them
and I'm a black belt okay like that's
reality like if there's there's guys out
there that 150 pounds that I could roll
with that I know will tap me virtually
every time we roll because their
technique is sharper they train more
often than I am they're more focused
they're more in the groove but I also
heard you say like a lot of your
podcasts you've got to watch out who you
train with because they might just try
to hurt you that's all I need I need you
got to go to a good school with good
ethics because yeah a good school with
good ethics they get rid of those guys
you know do you know one in Studio City
oh sure I'll get you ya know
do it I want to learn there's a good
spot just a little further than that in
Tarzana ok Machado's where I got my
black belt
so John Jacques Machado I trained there
sometimes and he used to have a place in
Malibu but it closed down because of the
fires but they they have an outstanding
gym it's like one of the best in the
country
and it's in that area like as far as
teaching yeah top notch like but there's
a lot of really good jiu-jitsu schools
now it's not like like when I started in
96 it was hard to find a good gym there
was only like five of them in all of
California right because it was just
starting out I was like 93 is when
jiu-jitsu sort of emerged in the public
consciousness because the UFC and then
they were gym started like popping a pop
enough but I was really lucky there was
like Hicks and Gracie's which is where I
took my first class and then Karlsson
Gracie's I thought they were like the
same and the other one was closer so I
just switched to Carlson's I didn't know
shit
you knows wipeout but and then there was
a Machado's and then like a couple other
places how long did it take you to get
to a black belt like four years some guy
took me a long time I was a brown belt
for eight years but it was just because
I wasn't training as much as I should
have liked that you don't they don't
give them away like you have to be a
real black belt but besides what is
somebody just watch instructors yeah and
you do well no okay well everyone knows
it's like like you know when a guy is
fucking killing like he let's take like
Theo von for example like Theo I love
him he hit a groove some time ago
whether it's two years ago or whatever
it was and I remember being in the back
of the store and I was like dude this
motherfuckers on fire yeah
he started hittin that groove that where
you go and sit down you want to watch
his set ya know
and I think when that happens in
jiu-jitsu it's the same kind of think I
start talking about like - Mike has been
tapping everybody he's just his
jiu-jitsu so sharp and you're like man
I'm gonna watch them roll and then you
watch them only like - that pass that
guard pass then guys start asking like
how often you training I'm going five
days a week now really yeah and I'm
taking two privates block then you know
like this guy is on the quest and you'll
see a guy go from white belt to black
belt in three years but they have to be
super exceptional like really unyuu
athletes unusual mindset unusual
discipline
it can happen most of the time like a
garden-variety estimate is like 10 years
is realistic white belt a black belt for
a regular person if you really train
hard and you really dedicate yourself
but freaks can get there quicker like BJ
Penn he won the mundi Isles which is the
world championships after three years of
training three years of training he was
a black belt won the world shall be
doing that to bj's a special guy though
I just also got legs that are like arms
he has leg dexterity like no one on the
planet yeah I got chicken legs that's
actually good is it really yeah you
could cinch up triangles on people with
chicken legs
people everywhere there just think about
it in terms of leverage guys with longer
limbs like Roger Gracie is a perfect
example he's a really tall long guy so
when the best jujitsu players ever they
can do things with those limbs that a
shorter person can't do in terms of like
leverage from joints and stuff like this
like there's the advantages to every
frame like there's a guy like who Samar
Paul Hara is a famous like tank of a
guys five seven two hundred plus pounds
and just rips guy's legs apart and he
uses this like short style to dive in on
people's legs and get him in heel hooks
and bars and rip their legs parties
terrifying
yeah and that that style heavily favors
being built like a little tank whereas
like that long like you are you're a
tall long guy you would have like good
Darce chokes good rear-naked good are
good arm bars good triangles you would
have lengthened leverage with that
length especially with triangles because
long-legged guys they can like sometimes
a guy like me with short legs like I'll
get my legs crossed yeah and I have to
adjust a lot to be able to cinch up by
triangle whereas you might be able to
just close it up right there so you'll
have like more opportunities for
triangles because the length of your
limbs have you would you have ever been
at a point in your in your career when
you were doing to just where you how
would you have been in the UFC like at
your prime like I have no idea
I'd have no
I would have had to have gotten way
better like when I was fighting I was
just kickboxing yeah I was kickboxing
and first of all first it was Taekwondo
and then with the kickboxing and by the
time the UFC came around like on the
ground I was useless or there's a
straight white belt I would get ripped
apart every day I would go to the gym
and if I if I tap to anybody like if it
was like a a week went by and I tapped
one guy be like whoa I fucking tap to
God yeah there wasn't that many people
doing it you know so I was going with
like there was a couple of white belts
maybe and then there was like blue belts
and purple belts and brown belts and
those guys would always tap me guys so
that's just how went for a long time
when you're you know unless you're some
kind of freak like some big-ass football
player or some like super athlete you're
probably not gonna be able to hold these
guys off they're gonna they're gonna
choke you now was it true you're gonna
fight Wesley Snipes that was way later
though way later that was a brown belt
by then and I'd been doing a lot for
beating him I don't know cuz we never
did everybody there's a real martial
artist I was real martial arts but he
doesn't know jiu-jitsu the thing that
must have been exciting though excited
yeah cuz I was thinking like I knew that
he was a real legitimate martial artist
like he throws kicks and punches and it
looks really good like he really does
know his shit but I also know he never
fought and there's a big difference
between throwing kicks and and I haven't
fought in a long time
but I probably fought a hundred times
yeah so I've been I've felt that nerves
I know what that's like it'll be crazy
as fuck to do it again that's what I was
thinking I mean it'll probably scare the
shit out of me but I think I know what
to do like I think I know how to like
get in there and start fainting and
start giving some movement see how he
reacts and then the worst case scenario
is like I'm like in a scramble I'm gonna
strangle this guy like this if this
comes to a scramble yeah because the
average person really doesn't know how
helpless they are until a jiu-jitsu
blackbelt grabs ahold of you and then
you just go oh shit like I'm helpless
because in a fight you really think like
you might be able to punch a guy like
maybe if he's from me and he's swinging
at me and I'm swinging in him maybe I
hit him first you really think
that but there's no swinging if it's a
jujitsu fight if you guys get into some
sort of a tussle and that guy grabs you
and trips you and boom and he's on the
ground with his hand on your jacket and
knee on your chest you're a dead man
you're a dead man because there's no
lucky shot yeah jiu-jitsu blackbelt is
just gonna close the distance like that
evil fucking crab and he's just gonna
your fucking neck and there's no way
you're gonna avoid it and there's no way
you're gonna survive it you're just not
going to that's why you don't fight
people like like you can't fight people
like I'm just you can't fight random
people on the streets like when you're
young that was the thing you could go to
bars yeah feel like I had some friends
that like to throw down when I was
younger and I wouldn't go I was watching
but good fee now it's kind of like you
got to watch everybody because you don't
know what kind of training they're doing
like everybody's so educated on and it's
so big right now well some guy fought
off a guy in the subway that was
attacking with a knife with some moves
that he learned watching the UFC never
even trained before he just knew what to
do yeah he like knew what to do because
he had seen guys like get the mount and
drop ground-and-pound he like knew what
to do based on watching it yeah I think
it's good like when you mention it I
think it's good just to learn so you
would feel better about yourself in case
danger comes yeah you want to be the
person that gets to make the decision
here's the thing right if you don't know
how to fight and there's some drunk
asshole who doesn't know how to fight
either but he might come over and punch
you in the face and some to punch you
and he can hurt you or knock you out in
front of your woman you want to be the
one who gets to decide yeah if I'm in a
situation and some guy and he's like
reasonably close to my size and he's
being an asshole he's drunk and he gets
aggressive with me I can decide what to
do with him mm-hmm like I can it gets I
don't want to hurt anybody but I'm not
gonna let you hurt me yeah and you get
to decide like you don't want like
you've we've all seen these 7-eleven
fucking parking lot lights on YouTube or
some asshole and both of them don't know
how to fight but one guy might fuck that
guy up he might kick him in the face
while he's down you don't want to be
that guy yeah but you don't want to be
in that situation to definitely walk
away whenever you can always we are so
opposite because I've only been in one
fight
in my life it was in ninth grade playing
basketball it was against a dude named
Mitama like I'll never his name is
Mitama Drake and I threw one punch and I
hit him right in the face and he looks
at me and goes what's up and I was like
[Laughter]
oh yeah we start playing bass thank God
like that was it like literally I hit
him as hard as I could if I could take a
shot oh it was just like what's up I was
like nothin nothin is up so that's the
only bucket you back no wow no because I
then I started you know oh you okay it's
your ball yeah man yeah did not try to
get you back I mean and then I I was
there was a club in Houston named power
tools that I used to make a bar no it
was yeah it sounds like one shot was
hardcore game Houston the gay bar was
called Rich's at the time but I worked
at power tools and I was a bouncer so
that's when I was like 250 pounds you
know you're a lot bigger when I met you
oh yeah because I play college football
for Arkansas so I played outside
linebacker so I was just stop lifting
weights or do you see a little bit no
I'm all cardio now because yeah you know
like trainers any trainer I work with
since I got a big frame they're like
well put some set no I want to stay lean
right you know but that's good for old
age to men you know Wow
back problem like I'm 44 years old now
yeah I'm a crazy dude to ramp flies 51 C
or 55 zero do it it is so scary when you
read stories about people just droppin
dead do you like a writer age Luke Perry
that's what I'm saying mainly my age
well they said what what is the danger
zone zone is like 45 to 55 with heart
failure it's like creighton ah man dude
I beat my body up I'm running that bitch
until the fucks wheels fall off I'm
always getting stem cells shots and I'm
fucking running hills and lifting weight
I still have heavy weights retarded yeah
what do you do that word I said it again
trying to get that rid of that word out
of my vocabulary it just comes out
sometimes why are you still lifting
weights like heavy like that like what
is it
do for you well it does a bunch of
things first of all if you want to train
jiu-jitsu it's okay very good to be
strong yeah it makes a big difference
first of all for defense especially for
defense
you know like for offense for sure - but
really you want to be able to defend
you're like defending is you have to be
strong but also you just like being
bigger it helps yeah I like it
yeah I like being able to pick up things
I like the physical ability of being
strong I like being in shape to being
able to run for long distances I like
knowing that I can go rounds on the bag
like I'll do five hard rounds on the so
you can run my knees a messed up I can't
like get on a treadmill and run I can do
like I've done the stem into me and it's
helped out a lot but I'm still that dude
that's on I'm like on this super
fortunate I'm super passionate about my
knee injuries I've had knee injuries but
my meniscus I only had one meniscus
scope on my left knee and wasn't
terrible like I was back to full 100%
function after that and my right knee it
didn't I have a little baby tear that I
got some stem cells shot into but I had
both of them reconstructed there is
yells were replaced but no problems they
work they work great yeah I see I just
need to I listen to you and it's like
you always taking something and I'm like
oh I got to find out what that is
and now I just want to get in better
shape I'm in shape but I it's when you
get older it's just like tough it's just
it just so he is writing it down like
you have to do it do you keep a daily
sketch it you have to do know I just
wake up and go I I do have I wake up I
work out like a cardio workout and then
I do infrared sauna which has changed my
life so you do life right every morning
i infrared sauna for dowsing it's the
best you sweat all that shit out you're
like you feel great your skin glistens
like I think it's actually like changed
the game for me I have more energy now
everything's better it's so good for
your body they did a study that showed a
40% decrease in mortality mortality
amongst all causes heart attack stroke
cancer 40% decrease with people that
were doing the song of four times well I
will tell you this because the whole
thing is everybody wants to feel young
and when you were young the thing you
did most was sweat and I feel like when
I sweat it's just it's a it feels I
don't know I just feel good sweating
because they were
mine's me when I played sports it
reminds me even though I'm not doing on
the you know I sweat a little on the
treadmill but when I do that infrared
sign it makes me feel great MA I think
it's there's a bunch of shit going on
with this - yeah for sure like it's good
to feel good like you're sweaty
but there's heat shock proteins your
body actually produces anti-inflammatory
properties it's really good for you it's
really good for joint aches and all
kinds like this I used to think of the
Sun as being nonsense like what do you
want you fucking lie asana for like what
are you doing they're just getting hot
yeah score capital look at that what
kind of a sauna do you do though I do a
regular song okay see superhot regular
sauna telling you you need to try the
infrared yeah you can yeah I mean but
look it's all just about getting your
body huh yeah like it's good to try to
infrared I'm sure I'm sure it works
great but this study the 40% decreased
mortality that was with a regular stone
so okay yeah yeah that's why I got a
regular sauna cuz dr. Rhonda Patrick
told me they'll come the studies that
have been done have all been done with a
regular sauna and she said there might
be some benefit of for infrared sauna
but I don't know what's published what
does it see if there's a benefit see if
this they could say what's the benefit
to infrared something cook in my organs
I don't even know it no I don't think so
no I think it's great for just feel
amazing after that's supposedly what
happens right it gets deeper in your
tissues yeah it's I remember us texting
back and forth I was like you got it
like if you do the infrared sauna for
like a week it's a game-changer
it's just sauna is - so I don't know I
would like you to try regular sauna -
how hot does the infrared get like a
hundred and forty 140 that's finding the
air though - it's a difference yeah it
doesn't like you walk in and it feels it
doesn't feel like it's that but that's
microwave shit probably burnin up all my
organs right now but I love it I like
living in and feeling that super heat
are you going there oh it feels so good
love it yeah do you fuck with cold do
you ever do like cry or anything
I tried that once yeah and it was right
after the infrared sauna or like try the
cold it's just I don't know man it
wasn't my thing what do you mean it
wasn't my thing at anyhow so like it was
fucking freezing
it's just I don't want to I I want to do
it I don't know no I love heat but the
cold thing is like now I'm good I'm good
on the understand you know it's if you
love it I love it I do it too I love
both of them do you go back to back
that's what they say you should do have
not gone back to back but I've gone and
done both of them in a day yeah like I
like hot yoga - I like hot yoga and then
doing the cryos which they say you
shouldn't do it because they'll give you
a heart attack
Oh doing it hot pussy yeah who's doing
be a man who's getting a guy you used to
do hot yoga I need you back here - I
just got to get flexible man it's just
that's the tough thing about getting old
and you know ability flexibility because
what they say most most older people
died on the toilet because they can't
get up you know they they have some
problem and they can't get up from
wherever they are is that real yeah yeah
oh yeah that's a great yeah
just on the toilet you only imagine like
Elvis like as you're dying but can we
you know I just don't want to die stupid
right now some stupid like you'll be
reading in New York City some guys just
walking and something falls on them you
know front o or a person how about that
so yeah suicidal person lands on your
fucking head I was at adidas in the
flagship in New York adidas and like
five minutes before I got there you know
a person just jumped off and killed
themselves right outside the store like
all out of residents Jesus yeah it is
that's one of the craziest ways to go
like the feeling of regret you must have
when you feel the air under your feet
and you're falling you can't do nothing
that's a wrap dude he made the decision
you pulled the trigger here it comes
the great beyond bang what goes through
your mind when you're going down like
that like in it's your choice you know
what I mean I'll be filled with
unbelievable terror unbelievable terror
even though it's your choice there have
been people that have survived jumps
into the ocean they've jumped off like
the Golden Gate Bridge yes all the time
I mean it's like one of the number one
suicide spots in the u.s. yeah but some
will make it they survive
suck yeah or like if you really wanted
to die and you didn't die
maybe not maybe you got a new lease on
life yeah you hit the water you know
like what I'm alive fuck I I never could
get myself to that place like I I like
my life too much right now yeah well
you're happy and that's an awesome thing
but you know we're talking about
spectrums
yeah there's clearly a spectrum of that
yeah you know and some people I think
have it
horrific alee they just have whatever
Everett whatever reason chemical
imbalance life experiences that are
awful PTSD whatever the the formula is
they have it to the point where it's
almost unbearable every one hundred
percent a hundred percent like my dad
you know you he served our country in
the army and it didn't seem to affect
him at all but I you know he has friends
that it's affected I have friends that
have served they're affected by it and
yeah what was that movie it was about
Benghazi I forgot John Krasinski did it
but I had to interview the real guys
that pulled off got the people out of
Benghazi and the normal world is so
boring to them like literally they got
excited when they talked to you know how
it feels a bullets whizzing by your head
you knowing you shooting at people
like literally the real world is so and
that's why they keep going back because
that's the only way they can get that
adrenaline rush which is you know to me
I'm like that's crazy but to them that's
where they get their high and that's
that's life to them that's how they're
living and I interviewed the three or
four soldiers that went out there and
save these people and you saw that look
in their eye you know what I mean it's
like they would go back now if they
could hmm and they hated hearing how one
of their own lost their lives out there
yeah you know where they rely could have
done something about that and that's
what they talked about is like why we
always want to go back is every time we
hear one of our one of our fallen
soldiers they they fell we could have
saved them and two of them were snipers
and the other two were on the ground and
they were like man it's just it's just
real life is it's very tame for us you
know it's almost I'm putting
now I'm paraphrasing kits a bore just
living our normal lives and unless
they're fighting for our country and
saving people's lives like everything
else is just boring yeah I mean you're
talking about literally life being
turned up to ten there's yes nothing
nothing else that compares to it on the
planet other than being a police officer
yeah
can you in a shootout or or just just
imagine like a police officer walking up
to a car that's freaky enough you don't
know what's inside that's like you're
playing roulette yep you don't know
what's inside that car yeah you know
like look there are some bad police out
there but as just put yourself in that
spot where you're a cop getting out your
car walking to a car with tinted windows
yep
knocking on the window you don't know
what you're gonna you don't know if it's
a barrel of a shotgun you don't know you
have no idea you have no eye
and people have to realize that tension
they carry with them all day they might
have 20 of those interactions absolutely
all day and and a couple could have been
really bad yeah and if you have you give
them any bullshit or don't appreciate a
respect that they're immediately gonna
go okay yeah you fucking asshole and
that you're the enemy now and it's
horrible it's horrible that we give a
person the kind of power that police
officers have when they abuse it but
it's also horrible that we create this
relationship between fellow citizens a
purpose a cop is just a citizen's just
one of us where we are the enemy if
we're not following the book especially
when the book is stupid like it's pot
laws or something dumb like that one
yeah
or you're catching guys getting jerked
off like Jesus cry you know I've been
pulled over a couple times and I I gotta
say you know most of them like my dad
you know they say a black thing to do
when you have a black father they tell
you very early on when a cop pulls you
over hands out let them see it you know
it's taught to us yes well we're when
we're born and raised especially where I
grew up so I you know I even been
profiled and I you know like and I'm
half black you know you don't know what
I really am a lot of people but I've
been profiled so I know what I see when
I hear the stories and I've been in cars
with my friends that are dark skinned
black and they've been pulled over and
it's a thing where you're up
set because you feel like you're being
profiled but man what's that cop walks
over you need to show all due respect
because they they control that game now
it's a hundred percent their game once
they pull up to your window you're in
their cart you also should think that
they are entirely necessary for a
civilized us a hundred percent and if
you want to be able to call the police
if some shit is going down you should
appreciate them when they're there and
you know this does not discount all the
bad cops
yeah absolutely not discount all the
things we've all seen the shootings or
unjustified punching czar unjustified
this is what we have to keep though
perspective because there's so many
interactions there's so many cops out
there that are dealing with PTSD all day
long because for a decade or two decades
of their life they have been dealing
with crime and violence all day long
every day and they dress like the enemy
they're not just a cop they're a cop who
has to wear a cop outfit so everywhere
you go like when you won't playing quake
and you playing TV dude has a special
flag over his head no that's a target if
you see if you see cops like bad guys
see cops as the enemy you're being paid
to be the enemy even if you've never had
an interaction if you're a bad guy and
that's a cop that's the enemy and that
is a crazy but you should ask people to
be but even for people that don't have
interactions with cops yeah a lot
they still considered the enemy sure
like because if they pull you over for
speeding like I it's gone through my
mind it's like nobody's on the road
right now why are you pulling me over
for speeding like I'm not hurting
anybody it's just a waste of time well
you know how to write a ticket because
there you have to write a certain they
have to write and that's and that's when
I think it goes over the top where it's
like come on now I was talking to a cop
about that I said okay now let me ask
you this what if everybody agreed to
never speed like we made up like a six
month agreement in this country where we
would never speed and no one speeded and
there was no more traffic violations in
terms of speeding tickets what the fuck
would happen and he was like people
would just get laid off left and right
they were just really yeah you just they
were like I think they would just slash
solis Department they put quotas on you
cuz you're a glorified revenue collector
I mean that's
that's a problem though like when you're
feeling people over and I think that it
all look problems with the police and
people start from the core and that's a
major problem if you have to pull over
people even if you're a cop and go and
they're not really doing anything bad
but I have to meet my quota of tickets
that starts from a very negative place
terrible terrible place terrible place
and terrible place for both parties
terrible place for the cop to bury his
head in the sand and realize he's
writing someone to ticket for no reason
you know I could catch someone the speed
limit 65 they're sick they're going 69
you pull them over like it the fuck
really yeah you can't even pay attention
like there's no way unless I'm not
looking at the road like unless I have
cruise control or I'm not looking at the
road
oh I might get to 69 I might back up to
65 again even if I'm trying to go the
speed limit but I know people that have
been pulled over for miles over a
hundred percent yeah but as a driver of
that car going four miles over you're
pissed yeah like automatic jacked yeah
you just got jacked in your mind you're
protecting and we all know he's writing
a ticket just to write a ticket it's
probably the 27th or 28th of the month
yep and they got to meet their quota and
he's like that's where they drive into
Vegas is the worst they set up traps
yeah and especially close to the end of
the month you know if you're driving to
Vegas go to speed limit because we're
waiting for you I got pulled over by
plane you seen this going to Vegas they
have planes that now radar you
they don't even and then they send out
cop cars so suppose the radars you and
then a cop car pulls you over yes yeah
yeah and that was the last time we went
to Vegas I went with my wife and son and
we got pulled like a cop car came out of
nowhere and my wife here's a difference
you know that this shows that my wife is
white from Wyoming right and this is the
big difference that's real white that
that's what I pilgrim that's like Casper
the Friendly Ghost white yeah it's like
cowboy white translucent right
yeah only Cowboys up there Wyoming
Cowboys yeah did you your wife grew up
on a ranch no shit no no I think that
cities yeah they she's grew up in
Gillette Gillette Wyoming that fuck is
that
Wyoming how many people there 80 I think
3,000 come on no seriously
they're like the Brady Bunch I'm married
into the Brady Bunch
like seriously their real life right
it's like good morning Michael how are
you like they are those paints kind of
cool no it's great
so a cop pulls us over for this Vegas
trip and this is the difference in
cultures we have and this is why I try
to tell my wife when the cop came over
his name let's say officer Andrew he
comes over I'm very polite I said yes
sir you got it no problem I was speeding
no problem my wife and the cop goes we
pulled you over by a plane so he gives
me a ticket I'm like hey officer I have
a great day slight you too sir my wife
is in the backseat with my son rolls
down the window when he's walking away
and goes excuse me how do you know it
was this black SUV I see lots of black
SUVs passing us and it's from a plane
are you serious and I'm like I'm about
to die the cop turns back around like
comes to my side of the window and says
excuse me ma'am and it but just a
privilege to be able to talk to a cop
like that because she has no idea she
has no idea that's the real white
privilege that's the real one and I'm
like and I'm like telling the cop
tell me about I'm telling the cop I'm
saying hey baby it's okay I was speeding
you had this on stage
no you fucking shine I know dude that's
hilarious
and I'm like you should for sure about
the stage it's it's just it scared me
because I was scared because she's the
cop comes back I'm out write that down
right now okay take that pad write it
down write it down you must talk about
this sun's light wife plane Rivlin plane
radar black SUV play Wyoming cowboy
white people okay we'll see let's tango
catch - so she warns horseshoe he comes
back over and he's trying to explain to
my wife like about a plane and she's
given this cop attitude
oh no yeah well we drive off I go baby
you cannot do that like you almost
killed me she was like stop being
ridiculous I'm like no no you
no you really got me killed you never
never know wrong guy wrong place wrong
time wrong history wrong backround wrong
state of mind that he's in what if he
didn't like a black dude married to a
white woman for sure yeah like and she
didn't get that but now she gets that
cuz we have a son you know what I mean
so I think once you have a multi-ethnic
son now she's like oh I'm all about
Moana I'm all about she doesn't like
she's all about the ethnic cartoons and
not the way she's trying she's trying
he's got a good mindset yeah she's
trying and her family's trying you know
it sucks that anybody has to ever worry
about getting accidentally shot by a cop
and the problem I think is not gonna go
away until the problem of crime goes
away and that's not gonna happen either
so it what do we do to make life safer
for everybody that's a real good fuckin
question
well I mean we're Nisour like people
being aware of all these videos that's
one thing that I think that blacked-out
black lives matter did that people don't
want to accept but it's really important
as it became a national thought yes it's
not just another story in the news it's
a national thought like this is a
movement to try to eradicate this and
all the times were you seen guys plant
guns on after they've shot I'm like the
OCZ videos yeah you see videos of black
people with no guns getting shot and
then here's the problem they go to court
and then the cops are innocent you see
the one where the guy throws the gun
down on the ground was it was it a Taser
what did he throw down on the ground
there was like he shot him and then as
he's coming after the body he dropped
something on the ground when I was
growing up at least I don't know when it
changed but cops were supposed to shoot
not to kill you but to handicap you like
shoot you in the leg shoot you in the
arms you guys are not that good a shot
there's a lot of cops that are just not
good at shooting guns I mean there's a
lot of that are military trained that
are very professional and very serious
who are but it's like look I watched a
video the other day of a guy getting in
an altercation an off-duty cop got into
an altercation with this guy and he
tried to pull his gun out the guy
grabbed him grabbed his wrist I did not
know how to fight at all and probably
only knew how to like shoot people yeah
he gets taken down
the guy obviously knew jiu-jitsu took
him down mounted him took the gun from
him threw the gun away and beat the fuck
out of him from the mount pound guy
turns his back he gets his back he's
beating the shit out of him it's
horrific because this cop thought he was
safe and pulled his gun but this is like
one example of it just because someone's
a cop doesn't mean they're well-trained
prepared there are those out there for
absolutely
there are also some slobs like I've seen
some guys that are there a cop and like
bro you can't run a block fuck are you a
cop yeah yeah you know like this is a
ridiculous position for you to put
yourself in and anybody else you're
trying to protect you're handicapped by
gluttony you know but but at the same
time we do need them we need the cops we
need them to be more respected and
appreciated they're not very respected
and appreciated by a lot of people I
think that's a and C what a huge me
service what I hate about this
conversation whatever side they're on
what the cops are gonna pull whatever
they want because we've talked negative
what not negative we said some things
about and I hate how we're in such a
polar place where him oh you're either
form or against and that's like with
everything and that's what I hate you
can't have a conversation anymore
yeah and that's where we're at right now
it's like you can't say anything wrong
with cops because then you don't support
the cops if you support the cops then
you'll get attacked by the other side
going oh well they kill innocent people
what I know I'll take a clip of anything
you've said today without further
elaboration because most of what you
said you further elaborate absolutely
they could take that one snippet and
just put a little clip up somewhere
Michael Yost said this or worse yet
quote it this is what he said about cops
look fuck him yeah I thought he was pro
cop like this well that's the world we
live in today yeah this is the world we
live in and that's why it's so horrible
man
well it isn't it's not it is that part
is horrible but it's the best time to be
alive ever the best time to be alive in
terms of our ability to understand our
affect on each other the best time to be
alive in terms of our ability to access
information the best time for for it if
something is going on you'll alert
people that this thing like a crime is
taking all things I say we could spread
the news of it so quick we just have to
we were just not used to so much we're
not
so much that we have to deal with all
day we're not designed for so much and
it happened in 35 years you know like
like you just think about like our
parents right when we were growing it
the TV was black and white and in a wet
color and that was racing for them for
us there were no cell phones or Internet
yeah and then in our in like the last 35
years I'll I don't think you'll ever see
a technology boom like in this last 35
years so many advancements happen so
quick and that's why we today can't
react to them fast enough we don't know
like like now parents are doing like
parents that are our age or doing the
same things the kids are doing where my
dad never cared about playing Atari or
doing anything he had totally different
interests we're now the kids that are
coming up since this boom is so fast
we're still learning new technology and
now our kids are learning it with us and
there's no separation III agree and I
think it's definitely like untreated
territory but I disagree that that will
never see a boom and Technology like
we've already seen I think we haven't
even scratched us early yeah we haven't
even but when you have but I I guess I'm
saying things that change the world like
there was no internet Joe do now this
isn't that in my mosque is working on
called neural link and I don't know
exactly how this works
II wouldn't exactly explain it but the
concept is about increasing the
bandwidth between human brain activity
and information somehow or another to
get information quicker to you and have
you access it in a quicker manner I
don't know what the fuck that means
it's something you wear on your head
some dude just tried it Jamie there's an
article that just yeah some dude just
said I might or might not have tried
Elon Musk's neural link like he's kind
of like bound by silence but there is a
real possibility that think about what
here's here's how to look at it think
about Wi-Fi right mm-hmm
Wi-Fi is in this room we use it you can
access you could shut your phone off and
turn your Wi-Fi on and you'll be able to
access all the information in the
internet but where is that coming from
where is that it's in the air it's the
sky it's all around us if you can wear
thing that picks up on that in the same
way picks up on Wi-Fi in the same way it
picks up on cellular signals whether
it's 4G or 5g which is coming out soon
which is supposed to be in unstoppable
yeah if that can feed information
directly to your brain through something
that you wear just the way they do these
you know they have these electrodes they
put on your head and they send magnetic
pulses to different parts of the brain
helps people with traumatic brain
injuries helps people with depression
they've been able to do this by taking
these little things and they stick them
to your head and they they'd send this
pulsating magnet in there they could
already affect the brain with external
stimulation they already know how to do
that
if they can figure out how to do that in
a much more sophisticated way we are on
the edge of becoming cyborgs and it's
not far away we're talking about within
the next decade maybe two decades
there's gonna be something that changes
a person and makes you like if you're a
person with a limited education and no
phone think about how within but think
about how little access to the 100 sense
knowledge base you had now if you're a
person with limited access to
information and education but you have a
phone and that phone is online you have
everything so that changes everything
this person now can access all the
knowledge it's not perfect if you google
things some of the things are bullshit
yeah
some articles are dumb they don't make
sense but you have possibility of
finding all the information so now in
the future I think that as going that's
going to be escalated and it's going to
be escalated exponentially there's going
to be some new leaps and Technology that
happen that guys like you and I that
don't work in the field we're not we're
gonna see it coming and as people are
working on these things right now and
they're competing with people in China
and Russia and all over the world that
are also working on these technologies
and they're gonna get through and
they're gonna make something and that's
something is going to change reality as
we know it and it's probably right
around the corner the same way cell
phones and the internet changed our
reality as compared to our parents this
is gonna change but
thing is it I I get that your brain gets
it right away but I don't know how it
worked but but let's say your brain gets
it you put this machine on like this and
then it sends it straight to your brain
what's the difference of that it besides
quicker than you being on a computer and
looking up you're still getting the same
so I don't think that's the case but
you're giving the same information don't
think that's how it works what does this
guy say this is an April Fool's joke
it's an April Fool's joke Oh what is the
title the article you know I must might
have let me try a neural link post but
oh really
but let's say it I know you don't know
about but let's say you put on a device
and all the information goes to your
brain mm-hmm you're still getting the
same information maybe not what have you
ever seen someone using exoskeleton you
know next to no what is that exoskeleton
is like suit that you put on that's like
say if you work in a factory it allow
you to pick up much heavier things like
remember the movie aliens yes the Gorney
Weaver she's fucking up that thing she's
inside that robot yeah okay that's like
a giant robotic exoskeleton this is an
exoskeleton that they use for people
that are paralyzed guy helps them walk
okay they also are developing
exoskeletons oh that's a chair huh that
one has extra legs oh that's pretty dope
there's things that help people like
that gal right there is not a big person
but she can work in a factory and you
can carry things that are much heavier
than what you would ordinarily be able
to carry okay now they think that as
technology moves and improves they're
going to get to the point where they
develop what's essentially like an Iron
Man suit that's like an exoskeleton you
know the Iron Man suit like when he
wears that he's invisible he flies he
can smash things and pick things up and
throw things that's going that that that
is entirely possible that this is going
to be our future that there's going to
be suits that we wear that make us
impervious look at this guy's got one
that lets him fly around and then he's
got rockets that come out of it you
think the government would ever approve
that for us but you don't have a chance
it's not whether or not they improve
approve it it doesn't have anything to
do with them it has to do with the
technologists it has to do with the
scientists it has to do with the
geniuses that are creating these time
these
because they're gonna come in waves and
these fucking dummies that don't even
understand what Facebook is yeah these
are the same guys are gonna stop these
people from putting out Iron Man suits
they're not gonna tell them until it's
way too late through later already when
they tell them they're gonna make them
for sale and they're not going to give
them the option as to whether or not
they regulate them they're just they're
gonna make them for people and then
you're gonna have to figure out the laws
once people have them and then once
grandma has one and all sudden grandmas
playing tennis again you tell me grandma
I can't play tennis because some bad
guys want to use an exoskeleton to rob a
bank because that shit's coming all of
its coming bulletproof exoskeleton I
still everything you've said so far
still to me is not bigger then not have
an internet well or that turn the door
but we don't know if that technology
thing that you can like talking your
phone and you could say hey Siri when
was the Constitution formulated yeah you
know hey Siri what was the first draft
of the Declaration of Independence
written on you can you can ask those
questions as serial answers Google
search will answer those questions for
you but what if you just know it what if
that thought interfaces with your brain
in a way where it describes things maybe
in symbols or direct feed of information
through some unfathomable technology
that literally just permeates language
it just gets through to you as you
information I speak to and the different
language is automatically translated
things like yes that's well they already
could do that you know they have these
Google earbuds
yeah there's pixel buds I think they're
called really that worked would they
just get rid of school or at school and
be to tell you how to need scholars
because you would need to know whether
or not this this stuff is accurate you
would need women and men who are
educated in this and that's this is one
of the reasons why the scientific method
is so important one of the reasons why
when people shit on like ridiculous
things like like grievance studies and a
lot of the things that are overcoming
universities these days where you're
taking away with your preposterous
social justice ideology you're taking
away from the real pursuit of knowledge
and information because you want it to
match up with your ideology this is a
dangerous time to fuck with information
absolutely because people already puling
up in these little
Cote chambers well they you know whether
it's message boards or Twitter groups
that you're in and and they they feed
off of each other and agree on each
other with each other all the time
it'd be really careful with information
these days and also you know what they
have to keep scholars to keep the real
information because it's just like that
uh one show I forgot what it's called
black something black box black black
mirror lighting they can change reality
like literally like if you don't have
scholars to oversee this stuff they can
be like oh you know what slavery never
happened or this never happened yeah and
it would go away because the people born
today will never know there's people
that to this day will deny the Armenian
Genocide if there's people to this day
that denied that oh and this is a real
thing yeah there are certain human
beings that deny that and what's it
going to be like 100 years from now I
mean how many of those people will exist
then there's a lot of those
circumstances in life where you have to
be really careful about what information
is what's process like we had a move to
you have to be a hundred percent
accurate if you're saying something that
is a historical record and you can't
fuck with it at all but they are now but
the everybody has everything history but
that's the reasons why all religions are
different right because everybody has
their own little version of history I
mean there's one of the reasons why many
different religions have stories of
Jesus but they vary what they vary yeah
yeah as telling the truth well I mean
it's it's thing where where what's scary
to me about this world today is that
misinformation is out there all the time
people believe it and people just people
don't read anymore they just listen to
the bullet point and scream that out
like literally and I don't want to get
political or anything but but I remember
when everybody was saying Obama's gonna
raise taxes and they were interviewing
people that didn't even make $30,000 say
oh he's gonna raise my taxes like nah
he's not even talking about you but
you're yelling out a bullet point if you
would have read the article you would
have read you were fine that's the thing
people are in today we want to yell out
bullet points if fox news if you watch
that and they say this you're just
yelling at that but you never read like
if CNN is your thing
you're just yelling what they're saying
but you don't read like me I watch both
I actually read both articles I could
talk politics all day like I think I
think
there are good things that Republicans
do I think there's good things that
Democrats do I think Democrats right now
are in a state where they're they fight
amongst each other they're gonna crush
each other before the election even
comes it's it's like Obama said it's a
circling fire squad they're shooting at
each other and and here's the thing the
good thing about the Republicans bad or
good however you take it if one of us
says let's go they go with Democrats
it's let's talk about it I mean it's
more intelligent way to do it but they
don't have each other's back I feel as
much and that's why their messaging is
always off
that's why Donald Trump Donald Trump
could have never been a Democrat like if
Donald Trump said I want to run for
president and been a Democrat they
there's there's they would have mesh
where the Republicans it works because
oh we just want to stay in charge and
whatever he says we're gonna roll with
you know George Bush weapons about let's
go you know it's just a hundred percent
behind it
where I think do you think that is I
want to say you know I when I was I grow
I voted for Bush after 9/11 right cuz
I'm from Texas you know and I think it's
not allowed ID allows you to isla G that
oh we want to pay back in its I don't
want to say good old boys but it's like
hey rah rah let's go yeah that's the
whole thing it's it's more remember when
the flags weren't everybody's car oh
yeah oh yeah and it was like we were all
behind it - that was the weirdest I
remember I was driving somewhere and I
made a turn on the street near my house
and it was one or two days after 9/11
and I never saw more flags on cars in my
life it was like the world changed Oh
like everybody had a flag on their car
and everybody cared about each other and
they said and that's the thing that's
sad about the world today is I tell I
tell everybody and I'm not a politician
but I will say this when you have two
different teams that arrivals they'll
never come to the same conclusion unless
there's tragedy mmm right when that was
one of the things that Reagan said once
we was talking about they were meeting
with Gorbachev
and he said I often wonder how we would
put our differences aside if we were
faced with an alien threat from another
world oh we totally would with the idea
that this global conflict that we think
about in terms of Russia versus the
United States but if there were some
fucking aliens coming down here war a
world style it would be Independence Day
everybody would join forces everybody
cuz now you have a common enemy and I
also believe the way the our country is
being ran right now you know Trump is
good at making an enemy that he survives
off the enemy this person is an enemy
right now everybody attack now this
person is an enemy everybody attack him
I'm not saying it's right or wrong I'm
just saying that's the way it is you
know he just fucks with people
apparently there's some dude that's his
head of secret security a secret service
that he calls Dumbo cuz it dude has big
ears dude he is he's a fucking wild man
and he's probably on speed I'm just
watching this it is hilarious
I mean if it wasn't the fact that you
think that like the moral fiber of our
country's deteriorating is this it does
have big ears that's some big massive
ears Wow well well but I know a lot of
people big ears that I like dearly but
don't you but but don't you believe this
yo let's be honest if America like the
whole country could look in the mirror
when Donald Trump was elected it's a
reflection of America when he got it
when he got voted it's a reflection of a
percentage of us no no but egotistical
it's a trauma of some but I don't want
to generalize like in terms of like say
that's America I'm with I would for a
joke
yeah but I mean if you were being
serious I'm being it but I am being
serious bold then why were there's why
was there the women's March we're a
million let me tell you let me tell you
why because I think Donald Trump here's
here's when everybody was depressed
Donald Trump was president I go you got
to look at the positives if Hillary was
elected those women would have never got
together to March Donald Trump has
brought more people together against him
Margaret we were marching Americans were
marching for Muslims after Donald Trump
became president the positivity that
Donald Trump
has created with the opposition and the
in the togetherness yet a million women
March because Donald Trump was president
yet people marching for the Muslims but
cuz Donald Trump was president he's
brought for the first time I feel like
they the side that opposes Donald Trump
they're more together than ever and even
though we say it's rip the country apart
you know because you know there's some
problems in this country but it has
brought a bunch of people together and I
don't think if Hillary was president you
wouldn't have had the women March she
wouldn't have had the March vote Muslims
you wouldn't have people back in
immigrants she just start executing men
so she would do should take my town
square so shooting them first with Bill
bill be the first one she had him on
television well that was the whole thing
like just like Iran all right just like
our allies in Iran but no but don't you
but don't you think as Iran do public
executions to this Syria Syria does
right but don't you think like when
Hillary didn't stand up the bill that's
where she lost everybody it started way
before the election because women wanted
her to stand up to him back then they
don't know what she did or didn't write
was totally did publicly and publicly
why would she do that
it's that seems like it's crazy to do
like why you you're you're a dignified
person you're gonna publicly well not
trash him but you don't have to stand
next to him even Melania Trump bounces
on Trump you know Hillary without bill
didn't exist I think that guy was a dick
sling in Buccaneer and he made his way
in the fucking White House and she rode
that wave yeah there was a giant v12
sucking gasoline like it was going on
stop blowing a big wake behind it and
she was hanging on to that fucking
wakeboard line Jesus but where
she wasn't gutting out of Arkansas she
wasn't getting in the White House she
wasn't the Secretary of State settled
down so you can sense so it's kind of
like hey you know what you got yourself
into is that what you're saying well
there's that and he's also she's a liar
liar yeah like and maybe it she's a liar
because she's a politician but when just
you compare what was public like her
knowledge of what went wrong with the
email servers and all that jazz and many
other instances to just one will talk
about and what Comey said when Comey was
examining the evidence and what what
they did wrong what she said they did
wrong there very different things
everything very different things and
this is politics right if your base
hears you say something that isn't true
but you say it with confidence even
though the evidence doesn't support it
that argument takes place and it blurs
the gray area in the middle between
guilt and innocent do you do you think
when when somebody gets elected
precedent they have a meeting with okay
and then they say these are the things
you can go after and these are the
things you can't because if you go after
this we can't protect you from it I
really believe those conversations
happen in the White House like yeah and
when I say think they they say they
can't protect you pal I think like after
the Jews no no no no no I'm saying like
there's certain organizations like the
Rockefellers or certain organizations we
talk about the CFR no I'm gonna Bohemian
Grove if I just think there's a list of
corporations big corporations that run
America that they say you can't go after
because a lot of presidents go in there
saying I'm gonna do this against this
core I'm not gonna even say the
corporation because I want to live and I
feel that Secret Service really calls
these people and the presidents and go
hey this sue you can't go after here's
who you can't and if you do go after
those you can't on your own because we
won't be able to say because they're too
powerful well believe in that mr. giant
corporations that have incredible
influence on politicians because there's
no reach yeah and spend so much money to
keep them in power and get them into
power and help contribute to the
campaigns
then scratch each other's backs if the
president were to go in and say i'ma get
rid of all lobbyists that president
would not make it through his term well
it's hard to say that no it's not no
there's too much money Joe I mean I know
if I'm gonna agree with you in this day
and age it's hard to say that because
you'd have to get everybody on board
with killing a president I think they
definitely did it with Kennedy oh you
mean I think 100% you know I was talking
to you know do you have to get everybody
Bauer's no but do you have to get
everybody on board yeah I mean it just
get everybody on board who knows about
it because otherwise people are gonna
tell if you couldn't kill the fucking
president you you have to get a lot of
whores as what we're probably gonna get
raided by the Secret Service right now
but I'm saying if you want to kill
president it's not like it used to be I
think it used to be less consequential
not that it was all I mean like John
Wilkes Booth days right they're easier
to kill the president and then Kennedy
way easier to kill a president in 1963
than his kill President 2019 could you
still do it yeah but you're probably
going to get caught like you would
probably get caught it let you'd have to
have I mean there would have to be I'll
you would have to have a tiny small
circle of fucking sociopaths and
Psychopaths and they all agree to keep
it hush to me is one person calling
another person saying do this pay him
off and then you can get caught but one
print look we have Secret Service you
have military protecting them yeah
that's different yeah cuz you have takes
a lot of layers to get past all that you
know and some would have to make a
mistake in mapping like that was one of
the things I said about a Dealey Plaza I
mean they rolled Kennedy through they're
like what fucking security person would
ever agree to let someone roll through
the convertible with Bobby's yeah yeah
and then also you have to take that long
slow turn where you know it's something
just drive by going 50 miles an hour and
you got to get your gun down shoot them
quick no the guy was driving slow it's
ridiculous
like you're asking for someone to get
assassinated but I just I just really
feel like there are rules like that will
never ever know about but once you're in
there they're like hey here's what you
need to know here's what you need to
know not to go against I would think
that if anybody's gonna tell us that
it's Trump
I think the best thing that could ever
happen is that Trump gets out of his
terms in the White House just starts
talking it's it starts writing folks
everything yeah you want to be the king
of the world right a fucking huge book
on exactly what it's like the day you
become the president that would be
insane how how do you think he's gonna
be treated once it gets out though
they'll love him
you think so they love Bush people hated
Bush they called Bush a war criminal now
he's an adorable grandpa paints no it's
true it's true look man whatever Obama
when he was in office they're gonna love
him within a few years I mean most
people that were supporters of Obama
they love him now yeah I mean he's like
yeah I I mean I don't know I think
they're gonna I think a certain
percentage of the population loves Trump
right now period and you know they have
reasons to back it up in terms of like
the economy what they think it's having
this job creation all these different
things that he's doing that may or may
not not have devastating implications
depending on who you talk to that's an
expert and I'm not one yeah me neither
but there's obviously and then also
people say wow this is a trend that was
actually going on during the Obama
administration he's just riding the wave
maybe I'm too stupid I don't understand
that stuff but I'm saying there's in
terms of numbers it's not like the
country is completely imploding right
now I mean maybe some people buy some
people's metric it's not doing as well
as he would like to pretend it is
probably but my thing it doesn't even
matter like when they say the stocks are
up and all it it's it's what matters is
your personal like are you in a better
place because he's president like I
think for some people they're not right
some people like if you get rounded up
by ice no you're not yeah you know I
mean that's it's horrible this is the
worst time ever for perception of us in
terms of like the way we handle
immigrants well you know you know the
the bad part about immigrants it's all
bad but you know the problem is they've
they've dealt with this problem what for
the last 30 40 years mmm I mean and if
they make nicer facilities let's say
they know they're coming and so they
don't have enough judges did the
facilities are horrible so let's say
they make nicer facilities
the government thinks the the whole
thinking of the government is if we do
that then that's going to encourage more
to come because now it's nice yeah
they're like bro you get over there
delicious food yeah they have a taco
stand fuckin party over there bro
margaritas your party with the guards
once you get to know them they're good
guys and that's the thing it's like what
do you do what do you do like I think I
think this is a problem that will take
generations to fix and really there is a
problem the only way it's really gonna
get fixed really is two ways one you got
to make drugs legal and - you got to
prop up all these countries all these
countries that are third-world countries
where these people are fleeing because
they don't have any possibility there's
no hope for them wherever they are
they're in incredibly poor countries
there's no future they don't they don't
have the resources they don't have
anything to do so the only way you can
keep people happy on a global scale is
you've got to figure out like we've the
highest of the highs right there like
wealthy people in the industrialized
Western world right the lows of the lows
are people that lived in that are living
in these places that are disease ridden
poverty-stricken
horrible with no future you got we've
got to figure out a way to bring
everybody to a comfortable middle all
over the world so that there's no
extreme poverty in any location anywhere
but we want to eradicate diseases okay
for sure we do right we all do don't we
want to eradicate the the problem the
disease of poverty is a dis-ease it's a
terrible feeling to be poor and
scrounging for food in a crime-ridden
environment and the only way to fix that
is put attention on those areas and use
money to try to raise it up they're not
gonna raise up on their own they never
have no they never and never will yeah
yeah I just think globally if if people
ever could get their shit together and
this is what I hope this is my well if I
had like a pipe dream of technology yes
that technology gets us to a place where
we can read each other's minds and I
think this is possible and I think once
we can read each other's minds we can
understand that we're not that
dissimilar and
we're not nearly as far apart as we
think we are and that most of our
problems that we have are problems of
ego and problems of ideology and
problems of ethics and morals and truth
and lies and that reading each other's
minds will sort a lot of that out and
then we're gonna figure out a way to I
don't want to say like for
redistribution of wealth I don't think
you should just give people things what
I think you should do is try to figure
out a way to rebuild communities and
give people opportunities to live better
lives and we have to do that globally I
think but I think the problem today is
presented too because I listened to both
sides when you travel as a comic you'll
people just come up to you and tell you
their views just random things so you
hear from both sides one side it's like
I don't want to just give out stuff for
free you know I
why should I give them stuff I worked
hard for mine and the other you got
other people that go we need to help
everyone out because we are the world
type of situation you know both right
this is wrong it's confusing yes yeah
100% both right but you don't want to
give people stuff but you don't want to
just you got lucky yeah you got lucky as
fuck you're born in America I mean
you're from Texas I'm from Boston dude
we're from like the industrialized
Western world in the the pinnacle of
civilization in terms of like
opportunity there's never been a place
like this we're the luckiest fucking
people in it anybody who doesn't
acknowledge that you got to be crazy
Matt was I became friends with this lady
at a restaurant and me and my wife and
son would always go in there and we got
really close and she was just talking
about like you know her family's from
Ecuador and her kids she can't afford
her kids to be over here so she's
sitting in a school over there and she
keeps sending money over there
but like it's riddled with gangs nothing
but gangs out there and if they find out
you're in America sending money back
they'll hold your family hostage you
know what I mean and it's and that's
real people don't believe that they
think they oh that's not it's real like
this lady we've known for over like
eight years and she tells these stories
about like her sending the money and she
has a person out there that basically
you know lives in a little house and
keeps everything secret because if it
comes out that she's sending money to
them they'll they'll hold
family hostage and I'll have the
features off and shed yeah like that's
bad and we're living here you know we're
lucky we're doing this podcast but there
are people struggling in when I hear
people go ah you know that's their
problem
no that's that's terrible world you're
you're a awful human being yeah my
perspective sucks for sure it's terrible
and it's going on all over the world and
it's creating this and I feel that you
know we're creating this me me me yeah
situation but I also think we need to
also have conversations about it I did a
I did a show in Kansas City and I always
talk about when I do stand-up I don't
talk politics so you know you do the
local press and things and there were
people to come out to my shows and Trump
hats like literally wearing Trump hats
of a sad front row fuck with you I don't
know but I thought we did also I don't
care what they probably did they
probably did because cuz after the show
literally and when I say Trump's words
like they look I mean like the big like
that type of thing and they go we hurt
our watch said you weren't gonna talk
politics so we won't see you know and
and then she goes he's right you didn't
you know and they hide men wanna see
we're gonna sit up front where our Trump
at port our leader okay
you crack any funny about his orange
scanners fucked up and I didn't I did
because it's not my comedy but they
bought all basically they bought tons of
merch because I didn't do it and they
also said something that was important
and I think this is important to know
when you try to make a point to somebody
when you start off yelling at them it's
never gonna go well if you can explain
it to them through your eyes and not
yell have a conversation because I talk
a lot about like you know I talk a lot
about growing up in an all-white
neighborhood and the racist things that
I encountered and I didn't yell at them
and I didn't say I hate white people I
just told my point of view and they
actually were open in they actually
respond I understand now
you know nobody's ever explained it to
us like that and I think it's about
conversation not because when we watch
TV it's all about you suck you suck well
let me tell you why you know is you got
to start from a place but
like this have you I I don't know if you
heard of this green deal where they want
to take 70% of anyone that makes over
ten million dollars seventy percent of
their income that's hilarious
it's the dumbest thing that's a OC right
yeah it's the dumbest thing ever I mean
I wasn't calling her but no no no I I
like her say good luck bitch as a
expression yes I like her too
I like your butt I'll agree with that
but I like her but what I'm saying is my
friend was like oh you know if the
Democrats win that's gonna get passed
because we hate rich people and I go
that's the problem we're starting at
hate the reason why you think it's gonna
pass because you think people hate rich
people see and that's you gotta have a
fix it here's nothing
first of all you've got incompetent use
of funds like where does the money go
artax worse I go yeah that if you tax
the rich that all sudden all the
problems will stop existing that is so
silly you still have incompetent people
that are attributing the money they're
just create more jobs they'll be more
red tape and we get one more in debts
yeah we got to do is figure out a real
plan for engineering our civilization
better that's that's what people have to
do and they should be like real
discussion from like real experts
biologists historians people who really
understand you it psychologists people
really understand human beings really
understand what's wrong with our society
today and we have an open discussion but
you know that uni that never out that
but that can never happen of course it
can
but another right now because of the
government because they here's the thing
what do you mean that can happen we have
to look at it in terms of a little
priority but no it goes by it goes by
the whoever parties in charge their
priorities it's not like my problem is
to make it a priority for the nation
that's what I'm saying but it's not
impossible but until you have a person I
believe everything to be fixed this is a
simple fix if you just elect a person
that takes some republican values and
some democratic values the thing is
right now in politics you have to be one
or the other
like if I can if a person came in as go
you know what I like these Republican
ideas I like these democratic ideas less
role imma be down the middle and less
role with both call being a centrist
yeah yeah that exists yeah
it needs to win but that can happen it
can happen all of it but a person little
bit until that happens does it mean
though does it every four years we
figure out what happens right and before
a trump won we never thought a reality
show fucking guy could win but that guy
won yeah and you go okay well now we
know that happens yeah all this stuff
can happen this it's not like we're not
asking for alchemy we're not trying to
turn lead into gold we're trying to
figure out a way but you're going
against the system that then is is you
are no we there's a new system the new
system is the the system of public
opinion which is readily accessible
absolutely and that's never happened
before there's never been a time where
everyone had a say in one way shape or
form whether it's through commenting
through Instagram or Twitter or social
media that's one of the reasons why
upholding the freedom of speech and
these things is so important even if
people are saying things you don't agree
with yeah the only way this all gets
sorted out is we get to figure out a way
to express ourselves and there's gonna
be arguments back and forth but what you
got to do is someone's got to put forth
an educated plan like a plan that's
based on science and reason and a plan
that you can debate against opposers of
that plan but when you have people that
don't believe in science a lot of it how
do you how do you slowly but surely you
have to get there it's gonna take
generation this is what I'm saying
it's like the momentum of our
stubbornness and our past and the the
sort of the systems that we find
ourselves stuck in systems behavior and
thinking culture all that stuff is gonna
take a long time yeah we sort the wheat
from the chaff we've got to figure out
what's good and what's bad and we're
doing it we're doing it but it was doing
it actively it's frustrating because
you're like god dammit this is the worst
time we still have all these problems we
still have cops shooting people we still
have crime we still have wall street
theft we still have all this stuff yeah
but you know what I like him but you
know what I like is we know about it now
yeah where it's not hidden like 20 years
ago like you heard in let's go 30 years
ago you heard NWA make that sound
after police yeah and they're talking
about the same things that are happening
today except you would hear the song and
go oh that's a great song that's not
Rodney King yeah rowdy key you watched
him get the fuck beat out of him
yeah on TV
here's the thing about the Rodney King
thing that guy apparently was a look he
done a bunch of crazy shit right he got
in a car chase with the cops he beat the
fuck out of somebody before that there
was a lot going on you just got to see
the end of it while this guy is was
young what was he on I don't know if he
was he on a drug and I think he was on
PCP PCP apparently makes you like
superhuman strong I had a buddy of mine
who got his finger bitten off while he's
on PCP say didn't even know I written
off by who a street fight yeah it's like
he didn't even realize his fit because
he was he was on PCP Dean realized
somebody bit his finger off and he went
to yeah he had his toe removed and his
toe put onto his finger where his finger
used to be was it the thumb no it's his
pinky fingers up his trigger finger so
on one of us and he had it curved so he
could always throw right hooks so is
when you'd shake his hand he would give
you like this weird handshake while he
would shake your hand but there was
always one finger that wouldn't he took
up the middle it didn't move good yeah
because they it was really his toe that
they replaced his finger with a toe that
must have looked weird it was weird it
was real weird yeah but that's PCP son
crazy people in Boston man he was a
boxing coach ah yeah I don't know ma'am
it's just we need to get to a better
place
yeah we're getting to a better place but
I think it's a long slow process I think
we are in there I mean there's people
that say you like hey to minimize the
suffering that people feel right now
isn't just for you to say that is
outrageous and it's just a hallmark of
your delusional perspective that's not
true this is not denying the awful
things of the world the awful things of
the world exist but if you try to look
at this as a mathematical equation if
you looked above you would say well
there's a lot of problems here there's a
lot of competing factors there's
environmental factors like what are they
doing in the world what are they doing
at the ocean what are they due to the
air oh Jesus everything's warming up and
people are fighting over what's causing
it like they're not even paying tent
this is madness but look how much
knowledge there is look how much
discussion there is
movements are moving and growing and
people are even when they're misinformed
it's still there's activity there's all
this stuff going on even when you know
someone says hey we're gonna tax
everybody that makes more than 10
million dollars 70% like bitching taxes
shit yeah just stop stop stop stop stop
just because someone works really hard
you can't take all of it look stop
people from stealing money stop people
for but if you if people say well we
want equality of outcome okay as soon as
we get equality of effort talk to me
yeah this soon is weaker because some
people don't hustle they just don't and
I don't know why maybe it's the way
they're arrays maybe they have poor
nutrition maybe they hook worm I don't
know what the fuck it is but don't say
that everybody's supposed to hit the
right spot everyone's gonna get to this
spot and then after that spot we're
gonna divvy up all the money so nobody
ever makes more than one hundred
thousand dollars a year in the world's a
better place bitch that doesn't make the
world better knows that makes lazy
people happy yeah that some fucking
juggernaut like Mark Cuban or one of
these billionaire characters is like
hustling constantly and gathering up
massive resources yeah he's playing the
game of Monopoly but he's playing it 24
hours a day seven days a week
that's his option he can do that you
can't stop people from doing that well
you can stop them is from doing in just
things with that money and wait maybe
you can do is like help someone like
lean towards a like a Bill Gates type
situation where he does so much good and
so much charitable work and helps out so
many people there you go huh well maybe
it's not a bad thing for a guy like that
to have all that money because you don't
have to think of him as just mr.
moneybags like maybe you think of him as
he does have access to all this money
but he's also this incredible resource
for hope and change and and prosperity
for some fun I think I think like I
think people wouldn't mind giving money
to something that they see being built
like if there's work into it right
people hate the idea of just giving
money and not seeing something from it
sure you know guilty people that don't
know what the fuck to do with yeah
they're just gonna find a use for it
because that's what bureaucracy is yeah
I don't know Joe we just I don't know
either
but I do know that it's fashionable to
say it sucks
it's fashionable to say everything sucks
well it's it's easy to say that but like
you said but I really think it starts
with if the government is not on the
same page and they're always fighting
you can't you can't move forward did all
this great stuff you just can't move
forward because it starts from the top
Joe that's true but it starts from the
top what's interesting is one of the
things that's cool about the government
fighting is you get to see that like
even the president can't do the things
that he wants yes he has to consult with
people and they have to agree on
something and it has to be reasonable
they have to present to the American
people and so the people have to
represent their constituents and so
you're seeing this really fascinating
thing because you've never had a guy
like Trump in office before so you see
him say he's gonna do things and then
you see the rest isn't going the fuck
you are
yeah the fuck you are and then you watch
this stalemate you watch this this go
down and you watch these people being
forced to negotiate in the way Trump is
forced to talk about Nancy Pelosi
because she has so much power you know
you know you have to call her cut oh
yeah that's a car at all which like fuck
adding but he has to pay the respect cuz
he knows now golf claps right in his
face man I it's so fun to watch it's so
fun to watch right now it is a fun time
man and what social media being so big
how do you how do you deal with people
like the haters because there's so many
people I call them thumb thugs but how
do you do you just hating in the dark I
don't know what they're doing
you don't read all that comment say I
don't reach it anymore man yeah a very
very rarely going to mentions if I do
it's usually a mistake I just I just do
my best do my best I post and I go host
and ghost you don't even look at
people's feeds do know I look at some
people's fear and when I'm bored yeah
you know I'll read some things you know
what look at some cool pictures i watch
some inspirational shit I like going to
the rocks seen him lift a loose man
pumped up wanna go to the gym let me let
me tell you I see Fletcher I interviewed
the rock the first time I met him was
like 11 years ago during the game plan
and we just hit it off right game
playing the game plan that's where he
played a quarterback he was a lot
thinner you know his his first breakout
movie okay that put out he disc or
pinion and in the game plan and after
that
interview he took some time and just
talked to me he wasn't the rock then I
mean he was wait and then over the years
every time I interviewed him he would
pull me aside and go are you going to my
acting coach are you doing this are you
doing that is there anything I can help
you with and I'm like like and then he
got bigger and bigger and the last time
I saw him
same thing yo are you doing are you
going to the acting coach are you
working on your goals are you improving
like literally his Instagram but in real
life and I'm and it's and he'll never
know this but it's a thing that's for me
just average mo Michael yo to take the
time out every time I interview to ask
me if I'm achieving my goals if I'm
moving forward in life giving me
positive things positive thoughts to
take that time like 5 minutes after
every interview and this dude is booked
non-stop but to actually take time and
it's just so inspirational in to see him
be the biggest movie star in the world
and he knows everybody's name he's very
respected I don't know if he has an
earpiece but like he's like the
president when he knows he could be
President he's under percent a hundred
percent could be President reform I
would too because he but he's just also
comes from humble beginnings yes you
mean he's in Hawaii right now and he's
filming on his Instagram was talking
about all the neighborhoods that he goes
back to the check to see where he was
worst from when he was poor and starving
yeah you know I mean he really is from
humble beginnings I mean he had only
like you know it's the story like five
dollars left in his account and then he
got discovered in wrestling and I knew
him in Miami when he was doing WWE I
interviewed him a couple times over
there and and he played for the
University of Miami my favorite college
football team so it's the thing where
you know the history of 11 years but for
him that big to take time to motivate me
separately and you know I know if he
sees me out he knows my name but it's
not like I'm texting I'm not like Kevin
Hart with him and just to be a random
dude that he takes time out every time
he sees me to make sure I'm hitting my
goals and moving forward with my career
and not that and then offering hey if
you ever need anything get in touch with
me you know I would never take him up on
that but it's a thing where I'm nobody
he's the rock
and to be that inspiration I mean it
just does so much man like it little
things that big celebrities do or
somebody that really inspires you like
they don't know how much that means like
just just that little time he spends
yeah it Lisa knows I think he does know
I think he's a genuine leader he is you
know it's wonderful
I think that's why so many people like
him because what he says is its
authentic like it's really who he is
there is nothing fake about that man I
don't have to be fake you must have to
be successful and if you want to work as
hard as that guy you could be successful
I I asked one day I was like do you just
take a bunch of pictures at the gym like
didn't just post throughout the day
because you're always get that big from
taking pictures oh man that guy's
picking heavy shit up that's too bit but
you know what I left that's just too big
Joe he's an action star dude and he's
the first action started looks like an
act like I would love him to save my
life in real life Wow he's what is he
like six seven or something
yeah his giant he's a little bit taller
me I'm six giant yes giant he's built
like a fucking like a legitimate
superhero like Will Smith was my guy but
I left Will Smith for the ryeom you left
him no no I stayed he's tough oh no I
know no but like I gotta do what you
gotta do but burning building a burning
burner who's gonna save you who's gonna
save you well spent might save you two
aliens coming at you
Independence Day did you not see Will
Smith look I love Will Smith but
earthquake well if you want someone to
hold one hand on the top of a building
you and then hold your wrist with
another and know that he's got you
according to the movie poster that's the
rock see I never saw Will Smith holding
the top of buildings Will Smith by the
hand
Will Smith your shoot a gun those those
zombies he did I am Legend oh man what a
great move a fucking move oh my goodness
God you but Will Smith in the rock need
to make a movie together
they never have so no that was he a Mesa
be the biggest move in history in the
history and they Bowl outs Tom Cruise
get them all together
Tom Cruise Will Smith and the Rabi over
interview Tom Cruise no but only with my
brain when I'm in my sensory deprivation
tank he reaches out to me
does he really makes a mind-meld okay he
puts on his Scientology earbuds any
astral travel I tell you it's amazing
interview Tom Cruise what's amazing
about it it's it's because you hear so
many different stories you wake up with
your pants off no I didn't no not not
that time
Who am I hypnotized me but he doesn't
break eye contact with you mmm that's
what I like
no he just like hey what's up yeah yeah
and what he'll do is that gay nervous no
no no no no no that's what he's doing
he's nervous or he's just wants you to
know he's like he's locked in right like
he will not break eye contact like if
you look over here be like pie makes it
hard for you to ask fucked-up questions
you know what he does and I tell all my
all my friends when you interview Tom
Cruise he will take ask him a question
he'll try to make it three minutes long
so he doesn't hat you can't ask him that
many so you got to learn you got to
build a relationship with them so then
you can ask him a bunch see I've
interviewed him so many times I'll walk
it I remember one time I walked in rows
like hey Tom I got five minutes so we're
gonna have to answer these questions so
I got to that point but he he's great in
a nice guy did you ever get the
Scientology no never part of the deal
you can't ask him about that well I I
heard a part of Scientology is for you
to walk out the room saying how great
they are and I just make sense I just
did it right yeah so maybe the arcs it
did it's just well that's just a
philosophy on like how to influence
people right yeah positively influence
people you want those people really
thinking the best of you well good
strategy well everybody was like Holly's
crazy as this is that every time I
interview he's great I love I mean I
love Tom Cruise some of my favorite
people are crazy yeah yeah tell me
someone's crazy that doesn't shake me
I'm not like okay well they're crazy my
favorite people are all crazy
yeah like literally crazy my favorite
people so if someone tells me that
someone's crazy I'm like okay what else
you got crazy not scary to me like Will
Smith is awesome he's got to be crazy
Will Smith sure you know
No all going on - nice - nice - smart no
get out of here see that easy no you
Scientologist I have no idea what the
problem is when I do probably my the
problem I had the problem I have would
be the entertainment before they give
you questions to ask and you have to ask
them or literally it could be your job
so they float out like a bunch of real
dumb ones
did they give you any room to like oh
yeah you can do whatever you want but
they'll be like hey you gotta ask this
question and it's like if somebody just
got divorced you gotta be like hey
alright whatever they're divorced yeah
oh and it sucks
yeah ask women that yeah that's why I
stopped doing it man I couldn't laugh
one time what's her name Anna what's her
name she was in devil's wear Prada not
Meryl Streep but and Anne Hathaway so
they gave me the dumbest question that
has me I had the way Kim Kardashian
Kanye West were on the cover of Vogue
and right before that it was a in
hathaway and so they told me they go hey
why don't you ask her what she thinks
about the cover because everybody was
like oh this is bullcrap that Kim
Kardashian's on I asked Anne Hathaway
that question and she goes well you know
I don't run the magazine so it really
doesn't matter to me I'm like fine so I
finished the question I'm walking down
the stairs and go they're not here she
goes
why the fuck would he ask me that
question I don't give a shit who's on
that magazine and I was about to turn
back around cuz I kind of got mad but
now I was like man she's fucking right
that was a dumbass question maybe you
could say I'm sorry they made me ask you
a question yeah it's too late and it's
too late yeah that's a poopit producers
like winding you up like a little robot
click click click get out there ask the
questions don't ask yeah they get so
bubble oh yeah yeah they threaten your
job with it well that's why those shows
are always soaked and you know we don't
have people talking to entertainers and
everything's soaked and it just seems so
inauthentic like they wanted me to ask
my first interview ever was with
Jennifer Aniston and Marley & Me and
this is right after she broke up with
Brad Pitt didn't want you to ask about
Brad but they flooded me to ask and I
was like no I can't do that
- tell him no no I know is my first gig
- so no I didn't so I said what if I
figure out a different way to ask so I
found so what I they're like whatever
you get we need a clip you know and this
was when I was at a entertainment and
this is my first big shoot ever Jennifer
Aniston and they were like you're gonna
go out there so it was Marley & Me so
she just broke up with Brad Pitt so I go
since the movies about a dog I go what's
the what's the what's the similarities
between a dog and a man she laughs and
gives a great answer about you know one
will be around but a dog is always
forever you know like men can treat you
right so I got a great answer
and I didn't have to ask about Brad Pitt
and that's the thing is if you find a
smart way to ask it you can ask it but
they just sometimes want you to be just
so brutal it's it's I can't well it's
because they don't have to do it and
they don't keep the relationships
exactly and they just don't care about
you you're a little trained person that
they send out a little money person
little person listen to me little person
you have to listen the person who signs
the paper yeah it's to send you off and
give you a little fucking direction oh
it's the grossest I mean it is amazing
cuz I got to build relationships with
people but like good for you for
recognizing it Oh a hundred percent one
hundred I knew they were doing so once
you I mean not I mean that but I
recognize you got to get out of it Oh a
hundred percent
it's my soul couldn't I couldn't ask
people about them breaking up or
something tragic happening in their
lives like how are you doing now is run
to some of them TMZ dudes that feel bad
I'm like look bro I feel bad too but I'm
not talking to you like yeah there's
nothing good ever comes out of these
like it's no disrespect to you I know
you're doing a job I'd probably the same
job if I was in your place
probably yeah if I was a kid when I was
a kid if TMZ was around I take that job
yeah just try to ask some famous dude of
a funny question but it was it's just
like it's not the way to discuss things
know we discuss things and you're coming
out of the airport or you're on your way
to a fucking restaurant somewhere and
someone sticks a camera your friends
like come on well I wasn't doing that
that was I was we were going to junket
no no yeah yeah
like but I mean there's these these
junkets are a brutal assault on reality
you're saying the same thing over and
over and over again you're asking this
everyone asks you the same question you
know tell so tell us about this show
yeah Michael you play play Michael yo is
your real name
this is crazy oh by the way write this
down okay Michael yo average SMO that's
your your first comedy special you're
gonna call it Michael yo average smile
Michael yo average smoke because you
could that's what you said when you're
talking about the rock yeah it's like yo
average smoke so that would be my second
oh that's right you already have one I
just came out with it yeah and when did
it come out uh it on Amazon Prime is
free came out two and a half weeks ago
Oh miss consolation blasian cuz I'm
black and Asian I get it yeah Tiger
would say something like that no he said
he's Kabul Asian when I Oprah and told
her told her she wasn't he wasn't black
and black people got so whoa that's a
tough one to swallow I tell you what
stuffer is I was up for a job it is a
very prominent black producer told me I
wasn't black enough for the job hold on
there's tanning booths close by I'll be
back in four days Rock the fucking world
because dude like if you go to like a
tanning booth everyday I could not get
black yeah but I wouldn't get blunt I
can get dark you could get dark but not
black you can get by well what do they
want whether they want it black like
Wesley Snipes like no disrespect no this
is buddy I guess they said but I think
it was more than just skin color but
they wanted a certain there's a certain
woman yeah they want to like I don't
like me you don't they Oh straight-up
black dude right all right yeah you know
something for me that's the thing that
look if you're making a story and you
know these characters in the story like
say if you have some big fucking goon
who terrorizes people you can't get
Kevin Hart to play that role that
doesn't make any sense
no that's where the rock comes in all
right big giant dude you know I'm saying
I love them everyone
has to have you know that's a weird
thing about acting - it's like man you
got to hope somebody has something that
you would do good in you know like
you've always hoped that someone's got a
project that you could slot into that
project
yeah or you just got to create your own
yeah that's true to me that you the best
is Billy Bob Thornton that's Slingblade
thing yeah I know what he did with their
know he apparently he was like working
on some movie like edit some bullshit
part in some movie and he was like super
depressed started doing this fucking
character man man you know does that
character from slinger and then would do
it in the mirror and shit and practice
it and decided to make a whole fucking
movie about it and that movie will
launch them like one idea well I mean
it's kind of like what you're doing you
just decided to do your own thing and
now you control your own destiny that's
where we all need to get to like
honestly this you know I what I love
about comedy right now is I like jo koy
was my mentors and he's blown up in
comedy you know so I see people like you
Joe and you know pill / and just a feel
Vaughn who took me out my very first
time doing comedy ever did it really
yeah Madison Wisconsin you know it I
think it's called state on six or six
and state that's the first time you ever
got paid that's the first time I ever
got paid and he's the first person to
ever take me out and I remember we
landing he goes you're not you're gonna
see grown men eating cheese like like
sharing bags of cheese as soon as we got
off the plane literally two men on a
bitch sharing a bag of cheese and he was
like I told you like it is very weird
so as we're the culture of cheese in
Wisconsin anyway it's so good to make it
now now - yells blown up like you're
making your own path and I think what
comedy now is the time where people can
make their own path and control their
own destiny and get paid really well I
mean just go to Comedy Store look at the
parking lot now Yonex well it's what it
is now is you not dependent upon
networks anymore yeah the networks that
we've created or what I was like to
refer to as an organic network like
there's a network of friends like when
you're talking about Bill burr or Tom
Segura or Ari Shaffir whoever these
people are crystally all these like
really successful popular comedians
right now Theo and so and so and so
Andrew Santino these guys are all we're
all friends with each other yeah and
everyone knows like if someone says this
guy is funny you're like well listen to
the guys who are telling you these guys
are all hilarious they know who the
funny people are they know what the
pretenders are - yeah they don't talk
about them and they avoid them uh-huh
and then you know who the funny people
are and you just it's an organic Network
like there's no paperwork but everybody
helps everybody and one of the beautiful
things about it is no one's fighting for
scraps anymore it's yeah like there's TV
shows and there's only like if you and
me are in the audition room and we're
friends but we're both auditioning for
the same role like I don't really wish
you wery well yeah I hope I might fuck
with you I'm like dude you sweatin me
doing nervous you okay easy Yeah right
you're done nervous about that right
you're gonna go in there and perform so
you're not eating each other yeah eating
each other you're not you're not
scratching and clawing for scraps
everybody can support each other because
first of all there's fucking thousands
of places to perform just in this
country yeah thousands mm-hmm and
there's not only a certain amount of
comedians like there's plenty of room
for everybody well what I love about
like are you guys doing the podcast and
blowing up it's Jason Segel I used to
interview him a lot when he was making
movies and stuff and he said the thing
about Judd Apatow is after Freaks and
Geeks Judd basically made his own
network you know James Franco and those
guys and they supported each other no
matter what and I see that same thing
happening now and it's good with
comedians like comedians are pairing up
and saying this is our group and if
you're funny you're funny and let's
let's watch each other's back instead of
competing it's now like four you know
I've only been in at nine years you know
I know you've been in a lot longer but
my nine years I saw at the beginning a
lot of hate and now I'm seeing people
like now jump on each other's podcast in
it and actually encouraged each other
you push each other which i think is a
great shift for comedy right now well
that's the big difference between
podcast and radio cuz when you guys
always hated other radio guys yeah they
always thought of other radio guys like
I want that morning spot this guy's
gonna try steal it from me and he's he's
across town fuck
yeah the podcast don't do that we we get
on each other's podcasts and we support
each other's podcasts it's like there's
plenty of people man does this famine
mentalities would fucked everybody up it
is but that's what Hollywood puts out
there you know it's just the
circumstances it's not like it's an
organized effort no it's not there this
famine mentality it's just that this
there was a like we were talking about
earlier like if you're an actor you you
gotta hope somebody's got something that
you fit into yeah so all the other dudes
that are like you man you're competing
against them and then you know you hear
fucking some James Franco type dude got
the role you like of course yeah he's
famous fuck I can't I'm never gonna
catch a break and this is the this is
the feeling that a lot of like really
depressed actors have well it's
interesting because I was up for this
huge hosting gig like last year and
looked like I was gonna get it and then
the night before they said oh we gave it
to this bigger guy like he was just
amazing no I won't say his name he's
like no no no no no no no no make it
rhyme no no you know me Joe I'm very
safe I'm very safe Joe you gotta end in
my ages goes you don't sound upset I was
like nah cuz the way I'm wired is I need
to get to that level where I'm getting
jobs I don't deserve I see why you
wouldn't say his name you playing it
safe but you're not but he knows who he
is
no he's out there listening when they
say you're better than you're better in
the audition to him you did this but I
said about you no no that's what they're
telling me but your agents are telling
no no no no the casting people are
telling me this and but I don't try to
fuck you
no no not sure I'm positive positive so
what I get to that point I'm just like
IRA first I was like dude when you get
to a certain level you get shit you
don't necessarily he probably didn't
even know he was going out for the show
it really like hey we got a new contract
and we heard you could do it you know
what I mean yeah maybe but that's this
industry once you get to a certain point
you get gigs you start getting thing
once your podcast blew up you can people
send you stuff you know and that's how
this whole thing works and so my
mentality is I need to get to that point
will start giving me things and that
means working harder okay great working
harder building my brand doing stand-up
I'll do that don't ever say building
your brand don't say that ever get
building my brand don't do it ok don't
ok that's some nonsense talk they throw
around brand you're building your brand
man hey dude I really love with you
doing your through with your brand
that's like a Hollywood thing that they
said yeah yeah yeah I love what you're
doing with your brand the fuck you don't
think a brand is real
well brands are real oh yeah I'm wearing
converse sneakers
those are real but see to me what I hear
are same where Under Armour yeah I like
the rock you always support campaigns my
buddy campaign look at that nice wait a
minute I like them no no no but but like
what I you're probably having brand your
podcast is a brand I don't think of it
that way really well but it is an
experience it's a brand but building my
brand like literally there's zero
thought of that ok got you know you just
doing you
I just just do what I want to do hey man
just be yourself it's possible yeah I am
absolutely just doing that you know I'm
just really lucky that there's a slot
right like that I have interests that
are like there I can act like like the
fact that I do stand-up comedy I also do
cage fighting commentary yeah that's not
supposed to exist right but you created
it but it exists because there's a slot
I got lucky that there was a slot there
you know that this exists the sport
exists and I have an understanding of it
now a deep appreciation for it and then
the comedy exists to then I like that
too like you don't have to do comedy
nobody has to do comedy but for me is
like oh like you could do that but isn't
it amazing like when like way I'll be
honest with you when I came out I was
like oh my god this is such a big show
it's a huge show people get nervous I
talk to a lot of people that come on the
first time people get nervous coming to
the show but yeah but what's amazing is
do you ever think about like if
somebody's on your show literally
whatever they're selling or like you'll
get somebody on this show that becomes a
regular and now they're selling out all
across the country and that's pretty
amazing the power of that you hold you
know what I mean which is great
which is great which blows me away that
you know like the last time I saw that I
remember you know I was at Chelsea
Lately at the beginning of it and when
that show was at its peak
I say Chelsea Lately Chelsea Handler was
the American Idol of comedy and then if
you were on that show I didn't even do
stand-up like literally I was three
months in I would bring five comedians
and do like 15 minutes in between
everybody and bring in sellout shows
because I was on issues that's how much
power like she brought comedians that
were retired back she brought in that
was the first time I saw like one show
could be so powerful in a niche audience
where if you love comedy you have to
sell out all these people shows while
it's hot and now it seems like this show
is that like comedians come on here and
they're just selling out all over the
place and that's that's a tribute to you
man and your audience how they're so
passionate about you and I'm not here to
kiss your ass but well it's just not not
bullshitting people you're not having
people on that suck yeah like doing your
bet like I try to go after like to get
guys on like guys that I don't know yeah
hear about them you know like Andrew
Schultz or Tim Dylan I hear about these
guys from New York and people people
tell me hey you got to see this guy this
guy's fucking funny Joe lists a lot of
people told me get these guys on and you
know look I am a whatever I can do to
support comedy I'm a fan I'm a fan of
comedy I love it
even if I was never doing it if I never
decided right now I don't ever want to
tell jokes on stage ever again I will
always watch I love it I love stand-up
I'll always love stand-up so if I can do
something to help stand-up and helps
comedians be successful and it helps
encourage more people to try it because
I think there's thousands and thousands
of just unexplored stand-ups across the
country they just never take a chance
never do it never have anybody encourage
them never think about doing it if you
ever bet on say I think it's a
superpower I really do because your
senses are so high I've never been in a
situation where when you're on stage
you're saying your act you're thinking
about something else you're hearing
conversations like you're hearing a
waitress take an order
and you're noticing what people are
doing like it's almost like an
out-of-body experience like I in I can't
think of any other normal time
throughout the day that would ever
happen where it's pretty amazing what
your mind can do when you're on stage we
have to Train it oh no I mean that's one
of the reasons why I have to do so much
stand-up yeah
like even for me after 30 years of doing
it I still have to do stand-up four days
a week I do stand-up four days oh yeah
if I don't do stand-up 40 if I take a
week off that's fine nothing wrong with
it I'll take a month off nothing wrong
with that but understand that when it's
time to roll again we're going four days
a week we're gonna do two three shows a
night
you're gonna go Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday or you're gonna do
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
that's what you're doing
and that's the only way to do it because
if you don't do it that way and you
don't do three sets of nine two sets a
night four sets a night if you don't do
that you never stay you got to get a
laser beam sharp and the only way to get
that that whole fucking samurai sword
edge
you got to constantly be doing it it's
you that thing that you're doing where
you're talking about hearing all these
things but concentrating on what you're
saying and being in the moment is the
most critical cuz they know when you're
not in the moment yeah they somehow
another know when you're you could say
the same words or the same inflection
and it won't work that's what's amazing
about it though
that's what I love about it like oh I
love how you could do two sets in a
night and get a totally different
reaction back it's so exciting
I was talking to tar down Rowlett so he
was like he was talking about one night
he had a great set and the next one he
didn't have too good of a set he says I
went to a grocery store II got on the
mic just to get a laugh cuz you can't go
to bed on a bad show Donnell is amazing
on podcast I try to talk him into doing
a podcast oh he would be so good
he's starting it he's already got a logo
he's got it it's called it too soon with
Donna wash cuz half his shit so he is so
funny Manny he's perfect he's such a
good dude too just like a good dude you
know who's who's who's a person that
I know you're so established down you
got your crowd but who's a person that
like after they go on you're like oh
shit I got to bring it is that still
that for you but because your crowd is
sunk about it with everybody but I don't
think about in terms like oh shit
I like comedy this is the key to
following people yeah like comedy enjoy
it go onstage happy laughing and then do
your stuff because it's you're working
on it anyway it's good right if you if
you take enough time and enough effort
enough care on your craft and put
together an act it's good the people are
gonna enjoy it
so don't worry yeah enjoy like if you
like that's why I brought Joey Diaz in
the road with me for so many years
because I knew that he was just gonna
erupt that place and by the way but when
I went on stage they were already
already in a great mood they're all
laughing they're laughing hard this the
keys just everybody should have a good
time man everybody including your
opening act in the middle act you want
murderers to go on in front axle oohed
Lee I you know like the comics I bring
aren't as well known yet but Leo flowers
Nick care Orlando labor but I tell you
any room they crush they crush in sorry
one way for great comics to get great
bit it's like playing another gotta see
them they gotta see him absolutely
there's a lot of guys out there that
people just haven't seen but they're
good you know and I love coming in after
energy what about what about the first
time you went after a big comic when you
were first starting and you did well and
it kind of blew you away okay I don't
even know when that happened I ate shit
for so many years that's all I remember
yeah I remember eating shit
after everyone good I didn't have one
good set for like mitts he used to set
me up to she would do it on purpose she
would put you like one more spot in my
20s I was young little cutie face and I
would go on after fucking murderers
yeah like Martin Lawrence when he was in
his prime oh my god do when he was
wearing leather jumpsuit I stayed
leather shirts America in the room I
mean Merck in the room where people were
falling out of chairs and throwing
drinks at each other
Martin Lawrence was it's like church in
his later church he was an assassin man
I'm telling you people forgot how good
he was for a few years there was a few
years where Martin Lawrence was nuke and
crowds just like boom yeah
and I would get on after him and
literally people with just three
quarters of the audience would get up
and walk when he was off they were done
they were done they were ready to go
home they were there were they were
crying they were holding their body like
Jesus and then I would get on say some
nonsense let's get the fuck out it let's
go eat and they would just leave and
that was the reality of my time at The
Comedy Store where Mitzi Widow she
wanted you to know you ain't shit yeah I
don't get crazy and you got to figure
out how the fuck can you go on after all
these murders well when did you figure
it out took a long time yeah I don't
know man when I came here I was only six
years in a comedy so I really I didn't
have any seasoning I was I was really
like a scrub you know I was like I had
some material I had like I could do an
hour on the road but it was half of it
was bullshit yeah yeah I was trying to
figure it out but I had a few good bits
but they weren't good enough and I
didn't have the confidence to go on
after a Martin Lawrence or a Dice Clay
or anybody who was really good you know
anybody who was a really famous I would
get nervous or Jesus you know but that's
that but through that I figured out a
way to do it you know I figured out a
way like okay I have to figure out a way
to grab people and let them know that I
know the situation yeah like all this
unknown fucking loser has to follow
Martin Lawrence what a thrill what a
thrill for me watching everybody get up
and so I think material for like bombing
like like inevitable bombing and
recognizing the bombing and addressing
it with all the rest of the audience and
then people start laughing you know I
got I had a follow Pryor for five weeks
in a row when he the comedy sort at The
Comedy Store when he was really sick and
the late great Marilyn Marilyn Martinez
her husband and Chewie who was the door
guard comstor used to help Richard Pryor
to the stage and it would take forever
because they would walk him this you
know yeah losing control of his body and
they sat him down they would crank the
microphone up to like as loud as it goes
so it's like you would hear the feedback
and he would drink
wee
probably wasn't supposed to be doing
because he was on medication drinking
and just just talking and a lot of it
was really sad because you realize like
wow this is the greatest comic of our
time I mean yeah he's on the wall here
in the studio yeah I mean he's if he's
not the greatest ever he's certainly in
the conversation it's like who's the
greatest I don't know but there's a
handful of like it is super important
pioneers is Lenny Bruce and there's
Richard Pryor those are the two hop in
my opinion that's the ones they're the
most important for the art form this is
obviously George Carlin and Kinnison and
he's go down the line in AD Murphy who
were talking about the show to still
this day I think was one of the all-time
great oh my god I was telling you before
I got a chance to talk to Eddie like two
years ago he came out with a serious
movie more dramatic I forgot I forgot
the name of it but it was really good
and I asked them you know being a
comment it's like why haven't you shot
another special and he goes I have to
put too much of my personal life in it
and I'm not ready to do that yet and it
kind of hit me where you know if you go
back and listen to this comment he
talked about his real life he talked
about his parents he did a lot of what
Richard Pryor did you know he's very
personal and you gotta remember that he
murdered a lots gone on in his life over
the last 15 20 years and I think if he
didn't address things when he hit the
stage people go why didn't he talk about
that where Chris Rock and Kevin Hart
they will address whatever story is out
about them and go full steam ahead and I
think Eddie Murphy probably respects the
craft too much where he's like I can't
do it halfway if I if I'm not gonna do
100% I'm not gonna do it that's what I
took from that conversation from him
that makes sense and also just think
about it he has two of the best specials
probably ever made back did like the two
biggest where everybody still no good at
guca like people still can say laughs I
know that's a lot you know like people
still look he's he's an all-time great
even if he never does a joke again but
he still got it that's what's crazy
hundred percent gosh did you ever see
that thing that he did where he was
roasting Bill Cosby when he took away
his honorary degree dude his timing was
sharp like you were like oh my god he
could go do stand-up right now but the
pressure of that because he has two
specials it's kind of like I compared to
dr. Dre
after dr. Drake made the chronic day I
was oh oh he's gonna come out with
another one and then it got to a point
where how do you back up I mean the
greatness of those two specials I mean
it's a lot to live up to not saying he
ever couldn't but people are always
gonna say man you remember delirious and
raw I wish she was like that you know
and I think that's the fear mean maybe I
mean you can make that a lot of guys
that did keep going you know a lot of
guys but those guys that kept going to
have a delirious raw you know like to
net word that like I remember first time
going to a movie theater to see a
stand-up comedy special two times
delirious and raw like who does that
Kevin Hart does it but like that's your
fellas my firt oh my god Eddie Murphy
yeah on the big screen and those are
locked in the history of time people are
gonna know those two stand-up specials
for raw for sure yeah serious I think
was on HBO wasn't it
I don't remember what's wrong I I think
delirious was on it was it I think was
an HBO special all I remember I think
raw was in the mood raw okay
so raw was in the movies but it's a kid
like me going to the movies to see it
and he was so big at the time and just
to follow those up that might have been
part of the problem with him - he might
have got too big that happens to certain
comedians like that happened to Steve
Martin yeah and I see Martin talked
about that uh-huh I mean I don't think
either one of us is ever gonna
understand how famous Eddie Murphy is
like what it's like to be a Murphy at
that time no I mean come on now man yes
people see him and they get weirded out
I got weirded out when I met him they
put it in theaters four years after it
aired on HBO delirious yes a Dice Clay
had an HBO or a movie theater film he
did he did a misread that Oh didn't Dice
Clay had a movie theater one Gabriel
Iglesias has done one that's been in the
movies of course Kevin Hart has um
there's been a few guys have done them
in the movies but yeah but I remember
like you know Kevin Hartz was great
everybody but for some reason maybe
because I was a kid it was so big to me
but to me it was like an event yeah you
know I'm older now I'll go to see Kevin
Hart in a movie theater but when I was a
kid stand-up was in a
I wanted to like like that yeah because
you're hearing curse words and you know
you're hearing all these you're to this
day still reciting stuff from in that's
a lot of comedy specials you don't know
the words thirty years later yeah well I
the first special I ever saw for sure
was Richard Pryor live in the Sunset
Strip I thought my parents took me see
it you were there yeah no no no no watch
it in the movie theater oh okay okay now
I was watching it in the movie theater
my parents took me and I couldn't
believe it
like I had never seen anything that
funny I couldn't imagine it it's so hard
today
for on anyone to understand what it was
like to hear that stuff back in when I
was at 79 that one was one was live on
the Sunset Strip through that bear joke
about the fire he was doing jokes about
burning himself and we were crying
laughing him years delirious what years
it released in 83
was it really yeah in the sense that
taped an ATT really okay so yeah that
makes sense he had to tape it twice no I
wasn't 39 16 well don't say 80 4583 18
15 I was 15 years old let's see I was I
was nine so I saw I saw both of those
movies and I remember I remember Richard
Pryor I was like wow Eddie and Richard
like you could tell Eddie studied
Richard because they should same
mannerisms they yeah a couple of the
same jokes too just in a different way
you know what I mean so it was kind of a
thing where I fell in love with Richard
Pryor because that was my first except I
was nine you know in I saw Sunset Strip
and then I saw the documentary where he
had to shoot at two nights in a row the
first night he bombed and he told
everybody to come back the next night
and that's the one they shot he's yeah
he shot he shot at two nights in a row
first one he apologized to the crowd it
wasn't going well and the second night
he said y'all need to come back and
we're gonna try this again and so I
would he want the same crowd because he
felt like he did a disservice to them
but what that's so weird the Rajasthan
yes any Mesa teacher is true 100% it's
in his documentary you don't believe it
I believe it I didn't I mean that's what
was in the documentary yeah but a comic
wouldn't want the same crowd to come
back well here the same material unless
he stopped it short well no he didn't
finish the show he didn't finish is
wrong with him he said he was just off
like he was him it was him and he goes
any and they were talking about the
first like 15 minutes of the set or
twenty minutes of the set did not go
well and he just stopped it and said
look I'm not bringing it tonight it's
off y'all come back tomorrow night Jesus
Christ and they kept the cameras and
they shot it the next night and that's
and that's what you have in the nineteen
so in 1983 I was either 14 or 15 and
Meredith hears sorry I came out 82 this
showed recently oh okay so whose 82 that
means I was 14 yeah I was eight yeah I
was either 14 or 15 which makes sense
documentary this is a fun fact I
definitely know it was pre pussy for me
thought forgot all most of his material
yeah College eyes to the audience and
ended the show early leaving the
audience angry Pryor pulled himself
together and gave a much better
performance to the next night most of
the footage in the film was from the
second performance yeah completely
messed up his performance during the
first filming of the show yeah but that
doesn't say brought the same audience
back well in the documentaries I said
well because it was only one show what
do you mean they didn't shoot to show
specials like they only take one night
well he said they filmed one and they
filmed it yeah he filmed it again the
next night right so that crowd I mean
how are you gonna to get a crowd he
can't get a crowd anywhere I in the
documentary it said he used to say he
told everybody because he felt so bad
that he cares he just stopped the show
he stopped the show is like yeah and he
brought what the document says he
brought the same crowd back the next
night and he murdered and that's what
you saw yeah Wow and I still remember
that but I mean those two like raw
delirious in the Sunset Strip life forms
forever it will stand out in my mind
it's just it's just amazing and then
like
bill burr special the the black and
white one it's like incredible
incredible you know and I just I love
watching comedy of people with jokes
that I know I never could do like that's
my own thing you know I I don't like
watching cuz I'm a family comedian so I
never watched like fam what does that
mean to me I talk about family most of
the time like well you're you know I
don't curse that much how often you
curse in an hour show twice maybe what
words use shit yeah you ever say fuck no
no no hmm
but person real-life freaking this
freaking guy do you say that no don't
say frickin whatever you do frickin
that's a more offensive to me than fuck
yeah oh no I just thought frickin guy
it's not him I'm sure I curse a couple
times in this pot but I don't it's not
in my normal conversation like I even
what I'm hanging out with my dudes I
don't really encourage that much yeah
hmm oh no and I'm sensitive yeah it's
it's a lot going on that did you change
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it changes
the shit out of you well it's a
biological change it's also like you
girls all girls it's also it's a
recognition change like you you kind of
understand life in a different
perspective that I don't know if it's
really available to you if you don't
have children I don't think it is I just
think it's I don't think everybody has
to have kids I'm not one of those
zealots it says if you don't have kids
you in truth I don't I think that's
offensive I don't think that's what life
is all about I think you can affect
people in a very meaningful way never
have kids and there's nothing wrong with
that but I think for me at least for
being the caveman that I am it's like it
was very important for me to see these
little girls grow up and become you know
human beings that are interfacing with
the world and getting an understanding
of what that means and like it's
realizing that if you can do just a
little bit to make the world a slightly
better place that could greatly affect
all the people that your own children
will come in contact with as well and
they can actually affect other people
and have those other people treat
the world in a different way and treat
people with more respect and be nicer to
people and you can we could have a
better world for everybody
well I your kids my kids everybody's
kids the thing that struck me right away
as soon as my son was born is I've never
had the feeling of you I would as soon
as I would die for him like as soon as I
met him you know I would die for his
soon as he touched me it's like a
goddamn Prince song gone too soon
yeah what about that guy God you want to
talk about a super powerful fucking
entertainer Oh one-of-a-kind human being
I remember I was a kid I was delivering
newspapers almost driving around uh-huh
and I was I listened to out a cassette
of I want to be your lover yeah like his
first big hit mm-hmm and I was like holy
shit listen to this guy like listen to
this guy and the cover is just him with
his long hair with no shirt on looking
beautiful in the car what is he like
what is going on here I was almost you
know because I was like fucking 18 or
something I was almost like turned off
by the cover that's it right there oh
yeah I was like this is just I'm not
buying this it's too beautiful must have
been weird feelings right and then I
listened to I would you know I mean I
listen to I want to be your lover no
it's like god damn what an unusual dude
did you see Purple Rain I'm sure you do
have course like that whole Morris Day
Apollonia like that wanted to meet you
Prince
I bought overcoat just say we're a long
overcoat sought some Prince would where
were you too old for the Michael Jackson
a the the I had the thriller jacket no I
don't know why that I thought the
Michael Jackson thing was interesting
because I thought he's obviously
stunning incredibly talented performer
but he was so weird and so unrelatable
and everything like so oddly feminine
and childlike even though he's in his
30s it was baffling to me I was like I
get that he's super talented yeah and
then when the plastic surgery started
happening it's faced her changing and
morphing
like this is just strange did you ever
see either one in concert no no one ever
saw Prince I saw Prince now was an
amazing show I had an opportunity to see
Prince at the Hard Rock Cafe and I blew
it
the Hard Rock in Vegas below it I should
have seen him I never thought he was
gonna die yeah and that's what I'm
seeing everybody now yeah you should Tom
Petty is another one I never saw Tom
Petty yeah I went to one of those print
shows at the Palladium like four years
ago a random 7 nights there wasn't
anybody there there was maybe 500 people
there really the whole floor was empty I
don't know if why I don't know why I
don't know if nobody knew or something
they didn't announce at the right time
it didn't make it to Twitter whatever I
only heard cuz my friend worked there I
only the only reason I knew well I think
when we're looking at Prince now we're
looking at Prince as like a dead legend
I mean he's a legend that's going on and
we think of him as like god damn it he
was so good he had so many great songs
but I think back then people thought of
him as an older guy that they would
didn't really care as much about anymore
who hasn't put out real relatively
popular music yeah for quite a while he
turned into an artist I guess they could
say where the music was just for himself
and he wasn't really just a new yeah
right it wasn't a new smash hits no you
know it's like there's some guys right
that like one of the things that keeps
Kanye West relevant is that he's
constantly putting out music yeah
constantly puts out stuff that people
love he constantly put some stuff that
smashes and some guys lose their
enthusiasm for productivity yeah but for
being prolific they lose that and then
they don't put out stuff anymore and
then they become like Rod Stewart yeah
Rod Stewart I'd like to see Rod Stewart
I'm a giant Rod Stewart fan like it when
Maggie Mae comes on the radio I get
excited I love that goddamn song I love
a lot of his music he was it but how
many tickets we sell right now yeah I'm
saying will he sell out the Staples
Center I don't think you know you know
you know when you I know you're still
working on Kanye coming on the show and
that's not even the United okay you know
what if he wants to do it but I don't
want to put any pressure on anybody
absolutely I don't necessarily know the
podcasts are the best place for someone
for everybody it might not be the best
place to just talk
about shit but better just do music did
you get to talk to him at least on the
phone oh yeah yeah a nice guy let me
tell you man
he is so opposite his persona like on
the outside like that you see in like in
gossip magazines and on TV I I used to
host his done to West foundation event
in Chicago and a lot of people don't
know the good he did in Chicago if they
had perfect attendance he would go there
every year throw a huge concert bring
like common and all different types of
Chicago artists he would bus everybody
in from all over the city and throw a
free concert for all these kids that had
a perfect attendance and it was good to
interview him that way because he sat at
that time at that time when his mom was
still alive
he's such a down down the earth humble
guy and actually shy and shy like he was
really shy so wet and this is at the
time I would see stories about him
yelling at sway yeah yeah and like this
is not - dude that I interviewed he's
volatile yeah I was all over the place
yeah that's part of why he's such an
explosive artist oh he's incredible and
crowd oohs guys those the people think
different and that stupid Apple ad think
different yeah there's people that
really do think different mm-hmm
differently that's one of the problems
with that Apple ad - English Channel but
the the there's people out there that
just have a different vibe there they're
on a different frequency they're
different wavelength and they're the
ones who create great shit man he has a
gift I mean he is you know a lot of
people outside go oh he's out there he's
definitely out there yeah yeah but he's
a genius
yeah he is a genius he's doing something
in a different way and that's that moves
our culture along that's what it's like
that's what when you're doing stand-up
right like if you're if you're nailing
something if you really lock down
something and boom you put out live on
the Sunset Strip or a delirious or
somebody that you're changing culture
you're you're making people people are
gonna spread out in these ripples yeah
gonna go to their job in the morning
like we saw Michael yo holy shit he
doesn't joke about his cat and whatever
the fuck it is whatever the joke is
people be crying and laughing
and that there's ripples to that it's
positive ripples they change things it's
amazing that like when you do stand-up
like what I love about it is when I was
just a host doing the entertainment
shows I would go into castings and I go
oh you're a host go ahead now being a
comedian
it's the mote I will say that it's the
most respected thing in our industry
like I was honest most balls yeah I was
on the set of Modern Family when the
show was huge and the actors are like oh
my god you do stand-up how do you do
that and they're on the biggest
television show at that time Modern
Family even actors respected so how
castings have changed I go in now they
go oh we saw you have to improv oh we
saw you're here there and you can host
this is amazing you know so just the
respect you get from doing good comedy
you know it's it's better to me than a
Taylor Swift on stage because she has a
whole band she's having a bad night she
can kind of like lip syncs sinker songs
they have a quote it says Michael Yost
says he's better than Taylor Swift and
all she does his lip-sync god damn him
you know when he was on e he respected
her
it's flipped you gotta wrap this up dude
we all hope three hours in that crazy
stops three o'clock dude what the fuck
what the for three hours three o'clock
bro no way goddamn time warp in this
room dude yo that was a lot brother well
thank you so much thank you my tell
people how to find you on Instagram
Twitter everything at Michael yo that's
why oh and my specialist stream it free
on Amazon Prime and now is right now go
to it blaze everybody's got Prime yeah
everybody's got problems out man I would
appreciate it thank you my friend that
was fun glad we did this dude me to be
Michael yo frogs
[Music]
[Applause]